thank fuck I'm an atheist
why not i see every one ask about xss  so why the fuck i can't get the answer?
bhag ja beta abhi.. ladki ne bhi bol diya abhi ..Google Translate: Be part of girls also launched the beta right now .. now ..
The f%#k voted for SuperUser???
Ok then you go and help
It is interesting who is that idiot who down-voted the question?
Er how did you post the question? Are you a bot? Answer please?
Dont put images of the error message for f*ck sake! Copy/Paste it!
Then do it right. OP is not helped with 'almost working' code.
Nothing useful in this shit
What the actual fuck is this?
then go to hell bro
This is 2016. Don't use `File` use `Path` and `Files`. Also there is no guarantee that this will work anyway. Why don't you just delete the file yourself?
Try this link: http://tinyurl.com/gmpeyat
What is a shits count? Number of toilet visits?
Yeah... 'How to access content of a folder's file in c?' as the title then blatantly writing C++ code is not going to go down well at all:(
<sarcasm>You should pick some more unrelated language tags</sarcasm>
Very bad code please hire someone or follow some tutorials on google.
I'm voting for you guys to mind your own business and let other people get the information they want.
My question is very specific and only about a small part of the posted code. You obviously did not read it. Pull the stick out of your ass.
Then don't use code highlighting.
I'm really familiar with Excel and this logic would be working perfectly in that... don't know why java has to be such a dick about it...
HERESY! BURN THE WITCH! :P
Buy an Windows computer? It's better anyway ;')
So you found the answer but it doesn't fit you? What?
and he answered himself so he doesnt give the answer to me! :D great user.
What the hell... what do you mean? Please clarify your question
put more memory (not into the computer but into your head) if its not clear enough :)
I have uploaded whole code...pls help me..!
Actually it was a question from the contest held today people who appeared posted their questions. Can you help solve this instead of joking around?
YOU HAVE ALL IN THE EXCEPTION(do you know how to read?) notification is not a JSONArray but JSONObject
You must be kidding this answer is plain wrong.
can't quite understand what part did you not understand? How are you a code junkie??
You proclaim yourself to be a code junkie and has been on SO for 4 years yet your last few questions demonstrate no effort on your part so no sympathies from me.
int main() is the recommended and only official program entry. void main() is for losers.
not very helpfull ... means only it does not work more or less ! A bit arrogant comments are not nice !
look up a class library.
then what do you need mr.know it all?
It depends on what you're trying to do with your code mr. know nothing.
I'm getting kind of pissed off. No-one knows how to do something so everyone downvotes? Go f*** yourselves. Pricks.
But the language files are cached.. This is fuckin shit!
I have to change the locale path every time I did some changes..
This is not learning center or we are not doing here educational projects. Do your own work and if you face any problem then come here to consult by showing us your work
https://xkcd.com/327/
well no need to be a dick about it. people over validate all the time assuming people dont know their own name etc.
Have fun being rejected by Apple =)
taught* lol sorry for not saying FUNCTION my bad
Obviously you didn't have anything to contribute to this for help so I'm not sure why you're still here............
That's the opposite of what he asked! DOn't people read!?!?!
are you afraid of new lines and spaces? make your code more readable
post some quality answers
Nobody accepts the answer if it is OffTopic. I Think you need to consult a good doctor.
You ask What am I missing? http://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve voting to close
Can you actually answer the question or are you solely trying to dispute how relevant the question is to django?
I don't know.. would it work? :| you should try it before asking here.. that's how you learn programming.. to answer you shortly: yes
FUCK JOU *****
What the silly question
My suggestion is read how to ask a question and get your acts together.
I've heard rumors that similar things can be achieved with a language called JavaScript  (It's supposed to be the new shit the cool kids use ;)
If someone could give me a golden toilet I would be very grateful.
Actually you missed an occasion to shut up. If you not going to help you are not obligated to respond. Just disappear.
Shit one second
My *chief* relief is you not coming to grief with this question.
DONT EVER DO BACKEND Guys!!! Its the worst! Try firebase or Node.
Why are you even using Backand..... The worst choice
Why are you using Backand? Please use firebase or Node.
........ http://tinyurl.com/gtkkmaw
Oh yes down vote more. I searched stackoverflow nothing. I searched google nothing. I make a question and now I'm an asshole. Cool!
Not sure if I'm more impressed by the cheekiness of the poster or the stupidity to think that someone would answer such a question.
With more of them such as -vvv :) And if you are no more clever post the output to the edited question.
how the f*ck this connect to my question? really...... lol
If you don't know the answer just say so or don't comment. don't give empty advice and mark my question duplicate you dumb cunt  ^ ^
My Question is above your Low IQ level ; U don't have the neurons to solve it  even after spending lifetime in coding  u snitch
So u gathered ur fagot low IQ army and reported my question .... U fucking looser ... You probabily suck in your real life to faggot ..
God why is everyone on this site such a dick ! Complete waste of your time and our bandwidth .. well im fucking sorry .. sorry im trying to learn.
If this is illegible .. then get your eyes tested. The only waste of time and bandwidth here is your unhelpful unneeded worthless comment.
lolllllllllllll fuck you for deleting my answer bitches
Don't cast your mallocs is something people say on stack overflow to make themselves feel superior.   It's the least of your worries whether you cast it or not.
your problem is: you don't care. you blindly copy shit from the internet.
Nobody sees your code.  Perhaps what you need is a psychic.  Call 1-800-MYPSYCHIC for an appointment.
Read he site rules. Any maybe you should go to the basics - once you get out of school you are expected to know your stuff not cheat around.
seriously the SHIT advice you get on git is so much. thanks
Please don't try to over smart just by giving a negative. either Solve or stay away.. such a noisy and nasty thing u have done..
can anyone help me to solve this asap ????
wtf is the downvote for?
this site is so fucked.
What the fuck is your problem guys? Issue is pretty well documented (visually and in text) just didnt bother copying the longass code here.
English must not be disrespected too.
I suppose you're not populating it in your garage I mean WHEN and HOW WHEN in the lifecycle of the page.
Goddamn. Stop copying and write your own codes. Did you expect to completely understand the codes of someone else if you can't even write up something similar yourself?
awesome. if that's the answer you needed pls tick it to keep this damn site tidy.  rock on
The question is why the fuck you can't use this??? They inject 'b' on the 'this' in regular javascript it works but on angular no way
Dude if I haven't have found your post I would have been jerking off on this issue till i drew blood..
No your mom.​​
phir tum logo ne apni maa chudai downvote karke :x
Are you all nuts and hypocritical? The OP wrote I want my iPhone5 App to scale (fill the screen) properly on iPhone6. My answer is exactly an answer to the question.
do you think i am a slave to you ?
Somebody has a huge thirst of reputations no matter the way to obtain them.
Please search before posting.
thank you  you helped me a lot. unfortunately I can't give you score since some gays give me -1 for all of my questions !!! anyway  thank you
Strong pong of processed meats...........
So you can get 8 upvotes for telling the OP his question doesn't deserve answering. Lots of dicks on this site.
So your dummy'ness prevented to read the full Q&A you've already found?
...and who a those people to read that sht?
half? are you serious? what is the point of asking a question then? first you are claiming it to be a duplicate and now you are referring half solution.
Even that is nonsense.
Please make your own homework instead of putting it up here
You Sir are seriously lazy and should learn to do your assignments by *yourself*.
Thanks for sharing.  Did you have a specific programming question?
Go find some work dont waste time here
It does not work is a truly useless thing to say. What happens or doesn't happen? What have you done to try to diagnose/fix the problem?
Alright so I just got destroyed on my third encounter with Stack Overflow. I refuse to believe that I am this incompatible with the community.
To gain experience or do you wish us to do your homework?
As a moderator I feel like you should know better than to answer terrible questions.
you just went and edited your code after I posted my answer and I stand getting downvoted for it. and you didn't mark it as an edit. gee thanks. never mind I deleted it.
You're a fucking asshole.
sorry if it bothers you...solution please!!!
Go back to school!
Oh wait... :P
Come on then bruv fight me!
Meet me market gardens! Me and **** will bruck you up fam!
Is this a joke question? Look at the if condition!
I'm afraid that you need to understand stuff first.
Would it even allow me to? And is it that hard to click two links?
O yea
You are everything wrong with this site and I'm sick of reading your drivel along with your code.
NO! FOR GODE SAKE! If i wrote standart swift file it means in a .swift file
how should we know? we have nothing to do with this repository you're using...
obviously yes. Thats a dumb question
stfu bich answer the question or gtfo.
GO fuck youself. idiot.
Why are you trying to write network code when you cannot handle basic string operations and cannot debug?
as well as being syntactically broken
delete this comment now wat the f**ck
I' m asking how to parse essentially...if you won't help then go.
Yeah i hope you email is ready for dick pics
`...` Unexpected tolken `...`undefined `...`wtf?
Is Google down again?
Of fuck that simple.. thanks man!
I'd like a toilet made out of gold but it's just not in the cards
So you want to avoid a recursive approach to traverse a data structure of arbitrary depth and composition?
you know what... why dont you go fuck yourself and edit the question towards closing the account. fucking superfly anyway... the fuck
Your momma is a replacement of $nbsp;.  SNAP!!!! :)
No because your implementation sucks
It would be nice if you marked your own answer as correct so that others can see the solution.
The upwork question is a shit?
That's also true. BTW I wasn't missing this sh*t really. It took two months after the suspension to get back to the feud :D Gonna downvote randomly pretty soon
didn't please check the answers you say is this post an answer? you could ask for more details in comments  not to post something instead
Study a grammar book first?
Please leave this site.
Have you tried [reading the manual](http://php.net/manual/en/mysqli-result.num-rows.php)?
now who's copying others ....
You want to sort an array? Have you tried searching for a solution? There are literally thousands of examples of how to sort an array on the Internet.
**** Feel free to not reply again.
What part of worked for button for me for button Background is not clear?   Were you harmed by giving it a try?
Then your task setter doesn't have a fuckin' clue what he's doing and the best thing you can do is to find a new task setter.
NO this is YOUR interpretation and it is wrong. The only thing clear is that he doesn't want to code it in the action and don't you dare downvote the answer
I'm not gonna answer your question but here's a bunch of shit to read.
Actually the questions is for people that know about the topic no for beginners like you man
Try this System.out.print(Goat Meat)
ik can't except this answer. stackoverflow is a fucking lier. at least tell me something i can use.
You're joking right?
Let us not.  You've already wasted too much of my time.  Go think of something useful to do.
I couldn't give a fuck about bounties they are stupid.  Are you serious?
What are you taking about??!? READ [ASK]!
Sorry I don't have any more time to feed the trolls.
I didn't downvote some asshole did. Anyway thanks man I get it.
Are you really want help or just ask a question for entertainment or time-pass?
