please cut out your fucking fingers!
Never use `fopen` to a remote resource unless of course you are self-employed or has a willing to become one. N00b.
Then fuck you guys!
that's how you get by on this site. Yes I do. If you want to post questions your way then go to yahoo answers
RTFM http://php.net/manual/en/control-structures.foreach.php `$key => $value`
Too lazy to read a manual better write a SO question.
You have obviously get very confused. Start again and this time check in with the manual every now and again.
You should find a way to inspire your boss to get you some training.
..............................
Thanks for the downvotes kids but I just want the answer is this safe not your unlikes.
I am using the `batch` command with a file on Linux from time to time. So trust me.. Or STFW
sorry but this is pohtaytoe pohtahtoe.
Great thanks for letting us know. Come back when you have a question.
So which tutorial was this copy+thrown up from?
Wow people on here suck. Why down vote without leaving a comment?
oh come on dude you cant even do your coding part???its soo simple..
Who the hell are you to talk? An Arabian terrorist? Fu*k off.
Were you looking for someone to code that up for you? Or were you planning to share what you've tried and how that failed?
google don't have the answer if it does i wouldn't ask here and i didn't ask for YOUR help so zip it man.
You rewrote my question and change the entire meaning. That's terrible.
Such a ***** community.
_you'll most likely see many more questions from me soon =)_ Hopefully ones of better quality than this one.
punch of noobs -_-
hooly shit brainfreeze thanks haha
If you didnt wanted to answer why fucking bother? This is a comment and not an answer. Stop wasting people's time cunt.
It is a dumb pointless question and voting to close it as such.
utter lazy rubbish
Oh very easy! [Here](http://google.com) you go
Why the downvote? I would be very good to know why... Show your self you bast..rd!!! ;-)
that shit don't work devil
Can you answer the damn question?
dude you are lame. forget it
You all are fucking retards. This question has not fucking been answered. Fuck you all.
Try reading the fucking prompt. I want a way to kill the task without killing the current program that is running it. If there's not a way say it.
Thanks. But don't forget to click [here](https://www.google.co.in/webhp?hl=en#newwindow=1&hl=en&q=learn+php)
If u can't help don't interfare. Get away from my post
are you stubborn or just stupid?
Shut the fuck up!
Let's have EXTREME sex in front of your children
I read: I have an error. I am not going to tell you what it is. Please fix my code.
Stop arguing and answer the friking question!!!
If you had bothered to read the stack trace you would not have wasted your time typing the question.
A keyboard and your brain...!?
If you don't know just shut...
Are you thinking your smart??
really you called yourself coder ??
Thanks for your extremely polite reply its like no one would have understood what you wanted to say if you had said it in some other way. Moron.
Everybody here is a jerk. -1ing is like trolling but nobody laughs.
now its -2 because a horde of nasty people have decided that anybody they don't know is a monster.
NOW ITS -3 YOU ALL ARE IDIOTS
wtf you talking about?
and If U don't know how to read u would probably put weird answers !
What have you tried ?
poor guy asks a question and you give him an unjustified -1?? +1 to offset some prick's ego.
because the answer is simple your just to suborn to understand it.
I am very much a beginner in ... programming: go back to reading the books - you have no reason to be posting  here
Did you even try looking at the tutorial ?
Didn't know this website was full of elitist dicks.
You show a really poor mind!
Funny how people dislike my question without giving a reason or an answer. I swear to god I hope those guys have cancer and die.
it fucking worked
Of course it's not the end of the world. It's also not the end of the world if you pee on my rug but you're still a dick if you do.
Holy shit. this is a null pointer exception now AS I MENTIONED ABOVE IF YOU GUYS CAN READ IT PLEASE.
google gives you link that leads to this site though. stupid
You should get some courses in an elementary school for adults
you just rephrased my comment. stupid. I'm looking for some solutions coz I'M NEW TO ANDROID . So if you don't have some suggestions/solutions shut your old mouth.
If you've only been debugging for five or ten minutes then you _definitely_ haven't worked long enough on this problem before asking for help.
Then get your grubby mits off our source code ta.
in the same was as people can conclude you are an offensive homophobic prick.
You are genius I love you no homo thanks for help !!!!!!!!!!! xD
Well it's a log.  Before his changes it fucking printed NULLLLLLLLL.  After I appled his changes it PRINTED WHAT I WANTED
Apparently it is not the documentation but your reading skills. Read carefully!
I guess that's douchebag for as far as I know that doesn't exist.
Yes but without everything else like method and action and inputs putting it in form tags will do fuck all
100 is less than 50 you idiots
yes i am but thats gay
thanks for the sarcastic comment neck beard. May all your friends think your the coolest person ever.
You're kldding right? You're writing a computer program that relies on predicting the future? I have a bridge for sale ...
Have you heard of Google?
fuck you  you bastard  hippo-crate answer it or other wise shut your fucking mouth ! you racist
go fuck ur self with the 10k i don't even bother about them
fuck you all. tell me the release date
lol are there any computing scientists on this website? QA? What a joke
i don't balm it because you have a very small mind  your jealous or something  you could eat the  10k at lunch time for free. am paying :) cheers
dhur bal chera giye
Learn more Java skills
No. Spend some time thinking why people smarter than you marked the question as a duplicate instead of complaining.
If you want to correct me at least read what you're doing and I might be able to take you seriously...
Why? Your answer is clearly wrong. I don't think you are fit to answer questions if you do not understand even the basics of probability. Go back to basics my friend.
Is this question a part of your assignment/homework. Learn about `JOINs`
Are you from Iran ?! ;) That's totaly not a good idea because in some cases i prefer to use the 0 value **Refigh**
just answer the question. If you don't understand it leave it. Somebody else will. I saw a lots of over-exited  around stack overflow. :/
bro u change ur msg
Fuck all who me down vote!
A fuck you man!!!!!!!!
You are entitled to your opinion. However thinking that you know what is impractical if you can't even write your own working solution without help is hubris.
if you have mind then answer itdon't read my English. Whatever you give or not .you proved you are moron.
Very clever to delete your comment which prompted my reaction calling my code dreadful. Good luck being suddenly moralistic I think it's going to bring you very far.
Haha you're a joke.  Keep showing the whole world that you can't communicate respectfully.  Let's hope this question gets lots of views - you might even become famous.
Example 9 in what? I probably don't have it. Who do you think we are?
if u can't help then what you are doing here?
Ok listen boy  I dont hunt points.I've already have a job that I love.U voted  good night now.Let the user decide...
Not even remotely similar **** go troll somewhere else dumbass. If you don't want to be called an idiot then learn to read and not ACT like an idiot. Try again.
your a bunch of cowards
Loved your comment *.. tried your nonsense suggestion*.
Is google broken today?  Why can't you google what a form tag does?
Anonymous coward downvoter care to explain?
Ahh fuck IE....
Why'd you even take the time out of your busy schedule to write the comment.
Go fuck yourself ****. No life virgin
You saying PuTTy is not an IDE is irrelevant go troll somewhere else. The warning is fixed now. You mad bro?
This is a pretty stupid thing to do.  Making it shorter will actually reduce its readability (as seen in the answer below).
http://www.justfuckinggoogleit.com/
Don't post C# answers on question tagged only VB.NET please. It wouldn't be accepted the other way round.
This OP is bad thusfor we downvote and flag it. Please provide what you have tried maybe some HTML css....
SHUN THIS NON-PASTAFARIAN! :))
I did it by myself now. It tooks me  2 min. You bunch of fucking idiots. Even don't know how to develop simple code....Go home
**** U SOUND LIKE ANUS
who cares about the research effort if it was a direct question ? fuckin retarded community
If you haven't understood what `String` is after a couple of months I seriously would suggest you look into a different field.
Please refer Changing my Major to Arts
If you write your code in `C++` in similar way so I have bad news for you :(
Read some books and do not troll for information!
I swear it's like people just don't even try any more.
Yes a monkey would find this terribly complex.
You can choose today to start anew and not rely on others to perform the most simple tasks for you. Consider it a small step toward manhood.
how much ...shut the fuck off
But Not working I tried. I dont knw why people are so stupid to mark my question as duplicate. I have writen that I seen many posts but didnt get the answer
It's hiding so it's still open... I did not say he has to use the hide thing.. It was a suggestion. You can give a solution instead of bitching at my solution.
I'd leave you to complete this quote by yourself:.....Empty barrels make the ...........Hopefully you know this one.
Only an idiot would expect this to compile
This user should be banned from SO
Go fuck yourself
**** more like 51 year old virgin
****? More like dead-wood. ;-)
Your banter is about as shit as your sex life
your banter is as bad as your sex life
Get back to your tool porn you ugly virgin
Ok. That's nice. Good luck with that. Did you have a programming question? This site is for questions not a place to dump your to-do list.
calm down champion.I am a new in this area and have a lot of question.when ı read question in this form write my problem.you don't need  being rude!!!
To whoever down voted my question it'd be nice if you left some sort of comment explaining why you down voted my question so I don't think that you're just being a dick.
Please don't shout.
go home man you're drunk :\
why are people downvoting my question.
If you have a problem then gtfo scrubs thats why forums exists you dumbfucks -_-
You're right it didn't go well due to that idiot who turned it into a chat about SO rules. I'm deleting it.
Doctor my stomache hurts. Sorry we are no clairvoyants. You don't even give details.
I just wanted an answer to my question not a sermon . Who are you anyway the question polizia?
And PS i dont give flying fk about downvotes :D
Guess who is the stupid one.
Bro you have something to add here  add it if not fuck off it's that simple and thanks
So what was that hard reading the compiler error message?
yay for old f*rts getting back into coding!
If you don't know the answer to this just don't answer at all. You're not helping at all ****
Dude get a bloody life!
actually i have been trying for two hours know and thanks for being a d*ckhead
fuck off man i asked a serious question
this has been asked a million times to get random-no-repeats YOU JUST SHUFFLE.
having these problems with Azure in fucking 2016 and it doesn't help
Use your brain and read or ask your instructor.
