good what ? .i khow what is encryption .i dont need you tell me learn encryption .
good damn i dont even know what i dont know. please dont downvote me to hell p
good a dumb way to go about what? it's not clear what you're criticising.
good why u need light from someone others when sun is shining outside?
good if you are downvoting.. mention comment here if you have dare to do
good a downvote because you dislike rectangular selection? you gotta be kidding me. shakes head
good don't you hate it when people downvote and don't explain why?
good formatted the html code i don't know what this you say
good whoever down voted, be a big boy, explain why
good tldr too long don't read
good seems like a home work!
good man, someone is on a downvote spree this morning p
good clearly it needs to grow up and learn some responsibility. kick it out of the house and let it get its own apartment at the very least.
good u just dont know the answer
good i'm voting to close this question as off-topic because it's not a programming question.
good i had all these crazy ideas about prefetchrelated and selectrelated. thought it was so hard.
good i've heard you can.
good patience my friend, i always do
good hahahaha. wait is too bad thing
good that's like saying they should meet at mcdonalds, but sure
good oh jeez. can't believe i didn't see that. i'll go sit in the corner now
good no problem man, happy to hear that i've helped you!
good you're right nice !
good i dont believe i can download such things on a school computer
good could someone say why i got down voted, constructive critic is good
good who among us didn't make a noob mistake in our lives?
good thanks! i didn't pause before programming to realize i was needing the cartesian product, i shall hang my head in shame lol!
good sorry what do u mean
good thank u .
good i want script secure script to uploads my files with data base
good even in the last few weeks, i found they are updating their poor documents after the revolution happened on apis
good i have tried these, they don't scroll in one-go. i mean they can stop in the middle
good oh my god! i didn't notice that, i guest that maybe i didn't focus enough. so funny! i thought that there must be something bigger.
good or, we could just throw in the towel.
good thats what he wants p
good means like tabs fragments but i am making hotel app just like roomstonite
good alos chnage allow all
good all right sir thank u
good my fault. it's too early. i'll delete my comment.
good you are too much awesome.
good why you dont want to go with picasso?
good may i know why it is down voted.?
good do you have any integration recommendation on how to pull star rating from app store and googleplay?
good thank you, i hate it when it happens
good can u tell me how to do that
good thats too bad!
good excellent! i always forget about quantifiers.
good you guy rock more than a little! effectively, that was the problem and that was something i didn't know. i will go to bed tonight less ignorant! thanks again!.
good why are you people giving me -s?
good wow pro well done
good im on mobile now, i ll explain in a while..
good github is you friend. and look for projects called floatingactionbutton.
good same words as u said before last two days. anyhow, i am waiting.
good no mate, i was busy from last days.
good oh sorry just a moment i think i know why you dont .
good my pleasure, have fun
good np, i mean you are giving attention with me.that's why i'm saying like that.
good can i manage these sockets with my databse?
good done all of these
good i think you better pick up a beginners book on c and learn about constructors and destructors, and what they are for.
good u must try?
good i used what u said simply just wasn't that what you advised me?
good why the down vote? i always enjoy joe blow's colorful answers with unity life lesson. i have certainly learnt a lot from him.
good google is your friend
good when all of the higher priorities have been addressed. sometimes that it is a couple of days. sometimes it is a couple of months - sometimes the lower priority projects become burning priorities. sometimes all of the higher priority projects are delaye.
good all i did was the usual uninstall. i'll try that when i get home.
good oh im not too sure about that sorry
good okay. what you need is to employ a team of a few dozen people to watch every live football match probably several times and comprehensively obtain these statistics on each player.
good - yep. i am so stupid d
good even if .floor is . why isnt the first term showing? thats the th spot
good all of the major css frameworks are modular these days. getbootstrap.comcustomize lets you pull out just the grid system easily, which winds up about kb minified and gzipped.
good not at all , jsf is tricky for first time , but by the time she will teach you to do magic
good is the image already black and white?
good well that escalated quickly, we just have to get along guys, and enjoy life
good hope your day gets better man..
good i cant yet. my account is to new. sry
good oh right, i thought he was just asking what a lambda is. whatever.
good ohh great finnaly i got it thank you so much for u r support
good penguin.square.ch here you go thats what i got so far
good ok i will put his up
good well sorry if my reply seemed rude but i really wasted my whole day on this. i gonna try this again..
good is almost always ugly anyway
good now weird thing happens. screencast.comtffjbzq i went from home to about and then contact. and it is listing all headings down..
good also i am a he
good i'm gonna try it in couple of minutes,
good you're right my friend. my bad
good hi i try it this but i missid up many times, i cant fix it textuploader.comny
good if they can wait for the night, why can't they wait until the park opens?
good im new to programing im only
good google is your friend
good never knew about that site 'till now. thanks!
good . didn't they stop their services?
good i am happy
good you certainly rock man, any paypal to buy you a beer?
good oh my god, i just spent hours of my life with a stupid syntax error. thank you.
good oh ok nice thanks d .. like i already said .. im a completely noob in this whole programmingwebdesigning world. you saved my day.
good im sorry, i never really knew what super was for. reading and tesing this out. thanks!
good you are a fucking genius, and i'm a retard xd thank you so much man xd
good why? you said you dont want them pushing
good hey yeah, it's been a while. hope all's good with you.
good i really hate to say this but this is already that test project you are talking about. now i go and pull my hair out. thanks.
good can he do things like that even with ssl?
good yeah i think so too. for now i am gonna drop this idea.
good thanks! i love it
good oh, i'm sure you're a nice person person and nobody would get fired over one . right?.. i get your point and i'd say that's what comments are for.
good yeah
good you da man -
good this guy is genius
good haha megan, i hope it's free i may just take you up on that! lol
good oh, i know.just sayin'. and if fredd doesn't cover you, you can always be my wingman.
good thank you. i'm an idiot.
good that was it. i'm an idiot.
good no, they all said nothing was set up were empty.
good how do you know he never committed his work? hold off on the burial until you know the patient is dead.
good i guess that didnt work? lol
good white yeah, i see what i did now. it's been a long day and i feel stupid for missing the initialization to being the issue.
good gonna try it tommorrow, thx
good that's awesome, i will play with it and let you know!
good oh wow is there a trade-off between being immutable and being fast? elm-lang.orgblogannounce.. elm is very much a work in progress, i still like it very much
good can you see your dag when u make a ?
good sorry n. - no love for the get lol! - thanks again but don't know what to do
good aha of cause.thanks.i was so lame
good it is like applying watch over
good julian day is day of year and goes from to
good god bless you man!
good he called .
good arif nouman khan no they are not present there, that is why im really worried, all my hardwork is gone.
good still no need of switch, it depends on her how she is going to handle that.
good happy coding
good you too gayathri d hi from malaysia hehe
good can u tell me in brief
good why don't you just try it? turn it on for a few minutes and have a look at your new relic graphs.
good detectconditionnetfxfullversionquot..quot and not versionnt or netfxxfullversionquot..quot
good he said he ran makemigrations at step
good i wanna know why is nan popping out ?
good i think david is talking about the call in , that's the problematic one.
good argh , silly me
good he he..
good i dont want to expose my business logic. even to dba.
good which validation you are talking about?
good got it man thank you. i would vote you up but i can't yet.
good my look like this
good give me a minute,i'll test it and let u know
good all is good, happy it helped.
good all i mean is integrating their apis for these stuffs
good can u pls explain?
good this guy deserve a cookie
good u there ?..
good alright man i get you
good but he is already saying .
good scipts? really? i'm such a dumbass lol. thanks for your help sir!
good this-db-queryselect from . this-db-db-dbprefix'bridegroomregister' . where gender male and age '.age.' and cast '.cast.'
good still helping me alot
good even d
good you bet fgitw
good just someone stole it from me, need to disconnect him in that way
good no, no i expicity no not want to mock. d
good because some times i take my brain out and play with it and forget to put i back. o.o . i combined them and hit the delete button here.
good never
good can u please tell me how can i achive this??
good let's say bogart dog.new'the book', 'the road not taken'
good congrats on k
good he already knows that doesn't throw a warning, he's asking why only one asterisk does.
good like this cat a a a b b b c c c d d d
good happy to hear that
good d sorry. typing latex is so boring that your brain kinda just switches off mid-way and blindly follows what you've written on the piece of scrap paper in front of you
good wire a mobile phone to your webservice and send the sms.
good dude! this .tolist of yours saved me a day!
good glad to help u
good change and watchlist.watchzip to and watchlist.watchzip in ?
good you are the man .. thank u
good hi all stack overflow is here
good i made a missprint, sory
good because it is not json
good google is your friend.
good i'm an idiot. it's under the advanced action script . settings available by clicking on the wrench icon under publish settings. i'll update this with an answer at some point, unless you want to and you want some free rep points.
good i am new to jvm, why cms will stop the world while young gc?
good this was driving me mad, thanks!
good they are non-standard if you're talking about the a promise spec
good this guys is a genius . don't miss joaquin phoenix either !
good lol.. you beat me to it
good hahahaha.thanks man..i feel stupid you know
good hahahaha..done.thanks man..i feel stupid you know
good good catch. that's why i hate the rc notation d
good i must be having an idiot moment over here, but i can't seem to find anything helpful i think as to how i could fill a form with session data that i've saved on the last failed submission.
good it works oh my goodness. thank you so so much!! i wish i could give you a trillion thumbs up. you're amazing thank you. i learned some js and how to scroll today! thank you!
good yeah i need to get some solid understanding about these
good done. may python gods be with you my friend.
good this has been eating my head all day.. i wish i could give more upvotes
good no i have not, ill give that a go.
good are you thinking setcurrentvalue? omg i should've kept my mouth shut, this stuff is a nightmare.
good - the problem with that is, it does not show the result in storyboard, only at run time. it's one of apple's biggest fuck-ups. the fact that uitextview has margins is stupidity on an epic scale.
good down voted why?
good c lets you shot yourself in the foot. c lets you blow your whole leg off
good cant believe i saw that 'string args' so many times after a whole year and it never occured to me wtf it was untill now ! haha
good np happy to help you
good thank you! i confess i am an idiot!
good yes have you ever made a game on appstore?
good i didn't get you if u plus it, why will it minus bro?
good we are still waiting
good ai, me stupid
good i was just wandering why he didn't
good he specifically said he wants to avoid this.
good hot hell your braces and alignment are totally weird
good i know you told me about those, but i don't understand what they're doing. i went to take a closer look and still nothing.
good you are a genius man.
good typing a bunch in
good nope, you are right, i'm an idiot. i think i confused myself trying to think this through. if you edit your answer maybe add a quick demo with jsfiddle or something, i'd be happy to reverse my vote. there's an example in the link that the o.
good i don't know what you are talking about i'm new to this
good can i just say your awesome for helping me out here!
good arr, you beat me to it, i was struggling with the debugger for a while
good people don't like simple questions because they think why didn't he do his own research first?
good you're right, that was stupid of me.
good those are the same mistakes i made in the beginning . almost wripping all my hair off after hours not seeing why stuff like that happened . have hair left though slightly more gray today
good like for peptide aaretn score will be ...... a a r e t n
good what's phyton? never heard of it
good that's ok, you guys had me questioning myself for a while there!
good oh yeah my fault thankyou.
good solved! thanks man i got the true path for the folder and its worked like a dream!! you my friend are a life saver!
good yeah i'm sure i wanna do this
good they are all
good i think that i have made everything by rules. may be i not good at english.
good can someone say me what have i made not so?
good hrs ago i was trying to do the same thing, but no luck. just going sleep now, i didn't think it's gonna be this hard or i'm just tired to figure it out.
good solved! thanks man i got the true path for the folder and its worked like a dream!! you my friend are a life saver! - you're most welcome dave.
good i think you've got me mixed up with someone else
good i wanna make imageview as a plane and textview on it.it's like a chess game mr.
good thats what i was thinking, just got my math a little bit wrong, thx!
good you got my problem right ! i'll try this and let u know!
good can u explain me what is the meaning of ?
good how should i get my keystore back from my old apk on playstore?
good wow i didnt notice it, good catch
good nice ans .thank u so much
good i'd like to have more parallel workertthreads and everyone should have his own timerelapsed event.
good well i dont intend to insult anyone specially thoese who are trying to help..
good it woud be a filter of date which i will give to user to select for demo purpose i have put month manually
good your rocks ! thumbs up for you
good oh gosh thats such a stupid mistake rip..
good yeah still no luck tho
good can you let me know why you unmarked me?
good bro i have edited cn u see that nd tel me
good wow. this is just awesome! you made my day!
good yeah i know the number of sdlrect, for that u make rectssize.
good can you tell me why?
good u there?
good may you help me , bro !
good dropbox.comshrveozfjiyylkwaaduxlrhtuvudfbtyhzgua?dl here you go
good oh man! you nailed it. i have been thinking around for hours and you did it just like that. thanks.
good i didn't understand it at all. even my friends didn't.
good wats da doubt.didnt get you
good my temp mail id inbox
good are you talking about the annotations?
good have u succedded?
good well guys think of the dailyhours as a total of units like a car's km
good many thanks to everyone who contributed to this, i was totally over thinking it !
good this is like i have my spec on my head and i am searching all over the world.
good that's why i'm still a student and you're a master. -
good the asterisks is being interpreted literally
good wait. u mean change y to x?
good jay-sun, mother of owen, father of none.
good nvm. im an idiot. i piped it into gm and forgot to use inputobject. it is a string array. i have a better solution though than what was suggested here.
good saved my life d
good are you getting like me?
good you're talking about animations?
good at least i'm helping people
good i beat by seconds!
good too cool! you rock soda!
good im really sorry but right now i cant give my site address.
good ah damn but it still runs the test. that is lame
good may go for a toss when day name is more than characters
good where u are calling ?
good i love stack overflow
good i realize now that infinidb has gone out of business!
good let me know how fast it is for your k lines!
good actually i am a big fan of demotivators . loaded my office hallways up with them. but seriously, if you need help, chat away in
good why do you hate indentation?
good i was going to till somebody beat me to it.
good ok, im an idiot, i did n instead of 'n'.
good do u mean to freeze the st column and make the follow when ur scrolling?
good why is new value for ? doesn't follow your rule literally.
good so we're saying here, right?
good i'm happy i could be of assistance. happy coding
good seems like you are talking chinese to me
good have fun - hope she appreciates the effort
good ok that's what i think too. shall we just clean up these comments?
good on a side note, it upsets me that it has taken me days of banging my head against a wall to figure this out.
good just curious, have you considered nolock, some hate it, others swear by it.
good i know, i know. but for now i just wanna deal with these problems. i'm a newbie.
good oh they're coming out as nonetype.
good i don't follow what you are saying
good oops, i have been away from php for a little while lol
good am i the only idiot that can't figure out where the download links are on the maven repository artifact pages?
good yeah fair enough, just re-iterating what he has said to other qs. i'm gonna give a few of these answers a go and see how i get on. thanks for taking the time to pitch onetwo in
good this held me up for like days
good stop screaming!
good do you have a music player app?
good here you go codepen.ioanonpennajqxa
good i succeeded. i just crawled some famous twitter accounts and their followers.
good select u.firstname,u.middlename,u.lastname from users u inner join location l on l.userid u.userid and u.createtime dateaddd,-,convertdate,getdate and u.createtime convertdate,getdate or u.updatetime dateaddd,-,convertd.
good where convertvarchar,createdate, between case when datenameweekday,getdate 'monday' then convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getdate, else convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getdate, end and convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getd.
good where convertvarchar,createdate, between case when datenameweekday,getdate 'monday' then convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getdate, else convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getdate, end and convertvarchar,dateaddday,-,getdat.
good saved my life bro
good thnx all friend now i understand what to do.thnx again?
good give me the real url so that we can help u
good its not playing the video at all even at good bandwidth
good worked for me. you made my day
good it tooks me hours too
good if chkadministrator.checked true hasvaluetxtlusername.text true hasvaluetxtlpassword.text true try isadmin true adminlogindb.
good can u explain me clearly how to get the group name
good stringhalanki sur ke jivan ke baare me kai janshrutiya prachalit hai like this
good only f red, the ather black
good glad it helped. my friend
good can u come to chat room i want to discuss with you
good no prob im here ask to me what do you want
good why are you supporting ios ?
good yeah quite disgusting really.
good ya got it thanx
good didn't you know that people hate fun on so?
good ywa all thanks to u
good thank you very very and very much!.
good d i know those erros can keep you awake for many days
good yeah they are in sf
good playercontroller avplayerviewcontroller allocinit playercontroller.player avplayer playerwithurlvideourl self presentviewcontrollerplayercontroller animatedyes completionnil player.
good sometimes i take his help and sometimes he takes mine. we both are good friends. this one was our combines effort.
good so many rules
good bro you made my day!!
good damn, i feel stupid right now, thanks for your reply!
good im actually talking about this part
good sorry buddy i forgot to up vote now i have up-voted.but really u saved my day.great work man
good damn feels like a stupid question now
good object reference not set as an reference of an object
good yes this line is giving error
good and d.id is null
good never use gotlostfocus, always enter and leave.
good kiss. was typing this up -- you beat me by seconds.
good lol . i knew i was forgetting something d
good when we are talking about winforms
good lol didnt get that
good yeah i got that now
good moving on - i hope all is well with you my friend.
good chehh, can you expand on that a little i'm not too experienced.
good excellent. gonna learn myself some dplyr and tidyr now
good but he wants the multiplication.
good thanks, paulw you cool man
good thx for answering. sadly i am too much of a oop-idiot to understand where these referneces are pointing to.
good ya thats it. y
good all allowing that why am worried
good youre right, thx alot
good im referencing reference includenewtonsoft.json, version..., cultureneutral, publickeytokenadfebaaeed, processorarchitecturemsil hintpath....packagesnewtonsoft.json...libportable-netslwp.
good ok, wait a little
good yeah that too.
good its a bitwise and
good actually i feel stupid now, i don't know why i didn't think of that
good transactionwithblock is literally just a shortcut for beginwritetransaction commitwritetransaction
good a clever hack, but emoji don't work as they just become filled in by the shadow ??
good that worked wonderfully. thank you. you saved me a lot of time and provided some good information for me to investigate and experiment with file, matchcollection, etc..
good yes but when i have my button listening in my main activity and i give him the variable i how do my custom adapter knows that i the the value to have in getcount ?
good i tried to dynamically switch the x,y coordinates.for example if i press the forward button i decrement the y value and then draw path on the canvas from initial value to the updated value.but in doing this after taking the left rotation i forward butt.
good hm i'm an idiot. i was trying to do instead of . just switched from windows to mac . thank you
good scentist ah? enna da solre?
good so u wanted me to call the setresult after calling startactivityforresultintent, this?
good as suggested, word detection can be extremely difficult often requiring machine learning, and ai algorithms and introduce a whole wealth of natural language ambiguities, your data source should be fixed.
good see stackoverflow.comquestions
good ok daniel, how i don't know where are you, but if you want i can buy you a ticket to get here and give me some punches on my empty head. i think it was all about leading slash.
good oh yeh that was pretty stupid of me. been a long day but thanks
good well, you don't have to use a mocking framework. you can always create mock classes yourself! and honestly if your hands are really handcuffed like this and you are not allowed to do the things that make sense you better turn back to your manager .
good then you can't read from it. as a workaround, and depending on how much work you want to put in, and how hacky you want the solution to be, you could look in to writing a test application using teststack from white
good let's hope you're right ??
good hopefully helped op, got rep, today was a good day
good looks like he did, but i don't think thats the cause of his error.? is it?
good oh yeah.. i said that, haven't i?. - lol
good im sorry im unclear abt ur question what ur asking with me
good when you say parameter name are you talking about ?
good when pushing they don't change to automagically anymore at least for me they don't.
good bryan so how can i do full back up as you said?
good stupid me and genius you
good normally we say thumb up but today i am going to say u hands up p u save my hope and time tanx
good thank you man. u saved my lots of time.
good you are a life saver dude
good xd lol, k let me do some digging.
good its totally okay.thanx anywayz.yeah i ll take a look at it and inform you that too
good what else you wanna know please tell me
good he clearly told us .all starting with a name.
good getting facebook friends from not-facebook would be a little tricky, no?
good i'd rather ask this question and look like an idiot here than implement several mission critical solutions that break in the field. -
good i'm going to sound incredibly stupid, but is there an idiots guide for this? i've tried following the generic formula on multiple occasions with a small c console app and i don't get out numbers that make any sort of sense to me at all.
good you've just made my life so much better. i've been smashing my head against this problem, and those it causes upstream for weeks now. truly thank you.
good oh sorry, ive just seen that u use, pos
good yup.. u got it right now
good - just got this too a moment ago, never seen it before. i bet it's a bug. don't know why you're getting down voted and people voting to close.
good you made argsetof as static. it ain't gonna work as you wish being static.
good i think he needs to know why it didnt work in his
good you are a life saver man, i had been beating my head around for a long time.
good i cant understand , what u are saying. i m fresher in phonegap.
good superb dude . i up voted u for saving my day
good oh my god. i am the biggest idiot on the planet. spring boot requires static resources to be in and not in .
good thank you! i was banging my head against this for hours
good all right, so we have just made a big mess here you just want the count of how many rectangles you just drawed ? like everyone else say, you have that in .
good why man? you're mixing up way too many framework. chose one and stick with it
good he beat me by a few seconds, i was racing to be first!
good he has passed in his . if you look closely.
good there is no need to call right after you set this adapter to the ! . also where is a code of adding an items?
good you are a boss my friend, thank you for your time
good if you don't want to do this yourself, then you can tell bill. i'm sure he's happy to do it for you to gain some magical internet points.
good hi i got it working. actually whenever i was opening the cron.sh file, the system was generating copy of the that file with cron copy.sh. and i was running .cron.sh like an idiot. thank you!!
good we love to help, but sometimes you just have to get down and dirty with the manual tutiorials a decent book, etc.
good i am an idiot. cropper ends before addline function declaration.
good , even i'm happy to help iron men btw yr welcom
good you saved my life! i love you man!
good well i feel like an idiot, i had some conflicting javascript that was interfering with the 'next page' button getting loaded properly. this answer is correct and i will update my question with the answer.
good i'm really sorry voip via adsl is blocked in my country s !
good too hot today to keep my mind
good he specifically says he knows how to do that already.
good i hate my life, thanks jon
good i love how i get two negatives. lol
good thank you all for helping debug! that's what i get when i sit around coding at home with no one around
good change the mask! there is no other way. the windows operating system only uses the mask!
good not gonna lie you had me sweating there.
good i tesetd your code and no data is coming through this line-
good what is expected outcome for first code
good i love d
good well this sucks. the backend of the iframe site has a bug that will not allow me to add the base targetparent tag to the head of the site. unfortunately i do it like this because there are around - links.
good how should you find out if anybody, anywhere in the world does whatever he likes with your software on his own hardware?
good holy wow that is awesome! - that is a really cool trick that makes perfect sense!
good i suppose you mean does the fosuserbundle exists and is it tracked ? the bundle exists in my copy.. but, i use git add . does it mean that files could be are untracked ? i suck at git
good if ya don't your disposables, yer gonna have a bad time
good three facts you must be aware of . hadoop has been designed for massive batch jobs, not for the kind of jerk-one-record-at-a-time stuff you appear to be doing . hdfs files are immutable
good my original comment was wrong, it's on since they lists are in parallel. i hate big o and all of its obscurity.
good hey friend can u tell me what graph is this
good they are more popular, because most people have non-graph punch in their punch bowls.
good i feel real stupid. that's what happens when you work too many hours in a day. thanks!
good they can give all the explanations they want. i still feel like someone made the wrong call when introducing , but no .
good i love you .
good as always u have been awesome!
good u mean i have to mute music on callstateringing?.
good but they act as libraries in projecta anyway and should not influence the configuration of its di container. if it happens by coincedence, say, if projecta has no its own context.xml configuration and spring is picking up one from classpath by default
good may be knuth's writings is a best place to start? he discuss many of these aspects.
good by default, all components of the same application run in the same process.if you kill your app the process is terminated by android, you should start a service as a separate process if you want to run some background work even if you kill your app.
good ok x i feel a little stupid .
good i am making a game like tic tac toe
good yes and it's not a problem, or i do not remember a case where this leads to a problem. afaik you have the option in plone to switch between email as login and login name as login. if you do so, changing the login should also work in your case.
good it's just one of the utterly unbelievable things about apple that they haven't fixed this. that, and the fucked-up graphics cards in mbps.
good here ya go
good sorry about the knee jerk reply, i've had some issues before naming params so close to eachother. found the error for you
good i sure remember those days. hell, i'm happy those days are in the past!
good i hate to bother you once more, but there's no one else in this thread. would you please check it again, sir. now all i want to know is if it works. and if it does it probably the computational geometry equivalent of bubblesort's retarded cousin.
good i just cant get it to work im literally making biger mess every time
good people like you make the world a better place
good i gonna have a look!
good cody gray, i don't know who he is. i have just joined in.
good thanks.i'm gonna get some sleep and take another crack at it when i'm up. if i still haven't gotten it you can take a look. much obliged.
good ok honestly, this answer is so perfect, thanit's working! you really saved my ass! thank you so much sir! just last question for the camera its the same? like just swap imageurivybrana for imageviewfotak? and again thank you!!
good k !! i imagined it really harder. as listener. i wanted to add a listener for each item.. such an idiot when i see your co.
good thanks.. this is so useful
good thx man
good apparently your game just cares about rank, not suits?
good with all due respect, you shot yourself in the foot with a regexp.
good wow.i feel incredibly dumb right now. like i said.probably something dumb. thanks a ton.
good who told you that?
good it has a splashscreen, but that fades out to white.
good nope. i gave him the key word he needs. bitmapdata.hittest
good people get trigger happy with downvoting
good how to count the each word's frequency in each row?
good yes. but.and where these friends ?. photo and name?
good - yeah, i've noticed i would think that this would be possible though.
good at cr you frequently find yourself wanting to give people .
good this man is a genius.
good then why doesn't it say so -
good thanks. i'll go hang my head in shame..
good ah, this sucks! i think compiler writers would like to go the extra mile to annoy users, it is perfectly valid to have a type that includes a map that has its type as value. quite useful too.
good ok, no problem
good agreed thx. as a matter of style i chose for brevity.
good ha ha. very funny.
good this is a tricky one. apparently it even stumped harvard comments.gmane.orggmane.comp.lang.r.zelig
good me too
good with the build is always in a docker cuntainer
good oh i feel dumb.
good call proc.terminate or proc.kill in the call back
good what he said, buy you're missing a colon after
good well that was a life saver.
good can you ask the person who sent them to you?
good do not perform gui actions off the event dispatch thread edt!
good thank you, you're a life saver!
good good job ! i voted up y
good good madam cz i am madam . and no need madame i am gayathri . happy coding
good this is wht i wanted.i work like a chram .tnk u
good tnk u for ur help
good ok thx man i will try it and give you a feed back
good how dare you? do you think it's funny to make my life a living heaven? do you?
good u didn't read word programatically
good oh..got my mistake
good yes that's why i changed
good lol.
good turbo c just won't die. it won't die!
good ma pleasure bro
good what does your friend mean, exactly, when he says he wants to join these two scripts ?
good finally i have found my mistake. in the c-code i swapped in the heat of the night two parameters if wanna hear the right song to the moment, listen to glen campbell guess i'm dumb.
good wow, its great then let me do few more research and come up to u for more doubts .. once again thanks
good oh yea.. sorry .. let me do it now
good indeed, it's a transitive dependency, look at its pom
good afaik you need to pass either viewbag or viewdata contains maximum amount of array index to apply on view input, iterate through or loops while providing either multiquestionsij or questionsi to print text input with indexed name attribute.
good understood, now. thx all. i will go back and re-learn.
good you saved my day too! i was going crazy
good i almost cried. so happy. so happy. i want to give you a million up votes.
good oh wow i could have thought of that one myself.
good good job.keep it up..u really saved my day and life.cant explain my feelings.thank you bro.
good every day's a school day. a nice regex feature i have never actually seen before.
good oh, dear god! thank you!
good you're a bloody legend mate!
good you rock bro.!!
good hahahahaha i am stupit man.
good awsome man . many thanks
good -- and i love simplicity d thx!
good wow it's amazing!
good but i'm the fastest in ice cold beer drinking
good well sht.. kinda feel useless now hehe
good loop through, keep a tally of the sum stop when you hit the chosen sum of
good what every programmer absolutely, positively needs to know about encodings and character sets to work with text
good yup,i gotta think laterally here
good o my god i did try this but i left out the son of a gun.
good nevermind, i got it. i like it. mine was fast because it wasn't as clean as yours lol
good oh great.. y!
good no its not the total
good eitan no, i just her fans.
good i have seriously gotta look at all these formulae i didn't even know existed until today. left? mid? right? que!? thank you lookaji
good alexis, here is head of store
good thank you for your answer. let's assume that i'm a complete idiot as i've been known to be one from time to time haha, can you think of anything that i could have possibly screwed up to cause this? worst-case scenario kind of thing?
good oh sorry! this my fault , it turns out the advice you gave succeed . thanks bro !
good apparently you don't know this answer yet.
good this helped me a ton! thank you!
good plus , and i love this more
good you my man, are a genious
good oh, okay got it
good only i cant show u
good oh man thanks, it was such a fail
good his question and first statement is oposit. check once
good hooks, my friend. hooks.
good i suspect that you are a very wise man my friend.
good hehe, this guy just linked us to localhost . it's not loading. help!
good u'r welcome. good luck
good hahahaha it did work yea ! you made my night ! wouooh alfajbgg aginall fnf yes!
good excuse me, i know i looked like complete idiot but i'm not sure that i understand what you mean
good i kind of understand it now, but i don't think i'm using it right. i serialized a variable with the value of , and then after deserializing on startup of the program, and printing out the value, it was still .
good you are right friend , excuse me !
good oh.. right.. let me get back to you..
good i love you
good you've made me entire day! thankyou.
good lack of research effort
good agree but - for answering a dupe. you should know better.
good this shows zero effort on the author's part.
good seriously did not even try did you. please at least search google if not stack overflow before posting a question.
good if programming is your thing then a little bad information won't hurt anyway. everyone knows what they're talking about, but many of them are very, very wrong, even when you get into the workplace. half the challenge is figuring out who to listen to. if your instructor is giving you questionable information and you've figured out where heshe is off then you're on the right track.
good i think the downvote is because it is genuinely very unclear but i can even things up a bit.
good voting to close as unclear, as a question was asked in the comments, but no clarifications were forthcoming.
good by no means i want this question to be closed, but isn't this question a bad fit by so standards? similar questions have been closed because their title's was categorized as opinion based. i just don't get it that so works. perhaps how so rulings works is opinion based.
good from a console, or a multitude of windowing wrappers that drive commands to gdb if you're into guis. personally, i'd hit the web for a quick-info tutorial on gdb and old-school it from a console as a learning experience. trust me, the effort it will pay for itself many time over. don't forget to build with debug-symbols enabled -g
good xml is very strict about the format of attributes. html's rules are much looser. e.g. is a valid html attr but invalid in xml. really, they're both derivatives of sgml.
good thank you, stupid mistake --
good please search first as this only gets asked thousands of times on this site. for example
good if you can't properly formulate what exactly you're trying to do, finding or getting help are not going to be easy. anyway this is not about programming, so off-topic for stack overflow.
good i'm afraid this type of question isn't a good fit for stack overflow. see stackoverflow.comhelpon-topic
good if you guys ant say anything just don't down-vote simply without asking
good no problem don't forget to mark answer as correct
good the people who really tried some code, i tried to gave them full answer, otherwise not recently.
good you can answer your own question and accept it to help the others who may encounter the same question as you
good people only have eye on the fomat of question. anyone give me an answer?
good please delete the old comments
good yes its not a doubt its a fear of my mind that cant take a choice or dont know where to go
good there's nothing wrong with a post being closed as a duplicate. if it doesn't answer your question then edit your question explaining why. in the mean time - this post is locked for an hour to give everyone time to take a walk and chill out. keep it civil and constructive. thanks.
good please don't downvote my questions without explaining the reason! it limits my privileges. i'm just new here, guys, come on!
good can you please leave a comment when you downvote, i would like to know why.
good don't expect a magic answer. listen to comments given. i'm not going to stand here for hours waiting. i have better things to do with my time.
good to clarify the comment by - the recommended asks the device to render the website based off its actual pixel width, rather than the pixel density which can sometimes cause a website to load as though you were zoomed out.
good you're leaving a trail of unanswerable and unanswered questions. watch out beyond a certain number of such questions, you'll find yourself unable to ask new questions. best to delete such threads before forum rules catch up with you.
good perhaps you should expand your acronyms, for people who don't know what spoj or wa mean.
good what would be of help is trying to help yourself before asking others. ahk is well documented. have you started off by reading the introduction to hotkeys?
good you did a great job describing what you already have. but we don't know the exact problem you are facing. can you enlight us?
good so is neither a code-writing nor tutorial service take the tour and learn how to ask.
good what did you try? we are here to help you solving bugs, not to write code for you. altough that is an easy way to gain reputation, it does not help you learn.
good generally speaking you can't and shouldn't abort user attempt to leave your site.
good use a search engine to find a tutorial or just read the docs at jspm.io
good it's nothing, don't mention it. if you have further questions maybe ask a new question, also .. cheers
good we aren't a freelancing site. start doing it yourself and when you have a specific problem come back and ask. we'll help. but we aren't going to write the app for you.
good i noticed you're just doing a bulk edit and strip off the from your lines. may i ask? are you just cleaning up? i read about it and learned fatal is not particularly recommended nowadays. is that the reason? no offense, i'm just curious. this is a self-destructing comment.
good this is a great question! generally people want the opposite of what you're asking for!
good i don't mind the downvote but i would appreciate an explanation that would allow to make the answer better.
good you're welcome and don't forget to mark you questions as answered if they are so others can benefit from them.
good don't forget to upvote answers and choose the best answer
good you're getting downvoted because before asking you should try something and then come here and ask what is not working. providing code is a vital part of a question
good you are always allowed to answer your own question. normally it is only done when the solution isn't covered by an existing answer and when you think that your own answer will be helpful for others.
good don't forget to look for the answer yourself before asking us google.comsearch?qitemgetter
good that's not how so works. we are not a debugfixwrite my code for me site. you do the work, we help - if you ask well researched and well explained specific questions.
good i went through your other questions on stackoverflow, and there's not a single well-researched, well-asked, precise question amongst these. please go and read the how to ask a question page, and also inform yourself on which topics are allowed on stackoverflow. this question is totally off-topic.
good and reading a sparql tutorial does not work for you?
good how do you expect us to know whats going on without seeing any code or the website itself?
good showing the action isn't going to help us identify why it's getting called twice. that's like showing us a bullet and asking us to identify the shooter!
good do you have any effort to show us? remeber that you shouldn't post questions that just ask write code for me see the help center
good you don't have to create a library. turns out someone already did icu. btw, please my honest words of sympathy.
good one question at a time, and we don't recommend libraries, that's off topic here
good thanks for the note. please consider to accept the best solution by clicking on the tick mark next to the vote.
good i just realized - you asked this question already, right here. and you even marked the suggested answer as the accepted answer. why are you repeating your question? if the answer isn't correct in the other question, why not unmark the accepted answer, and comment under that answer to explain the issue?
good where on earth did you get the impression there stack overflow is a free research tool where people do your research work on your behalf?
good i am a little lazy and just want to have a quick answer from experienced person. i don't need to know them in very detail for now. want to have a high level understanding first.
good heck with the down votes . i'm just trying to learn. thanks.
good read my comment - i never said the question was opinionated. recommendation questions are off-topic because they tend to attract opinionated answers and spam. the link i gave gives some good pointers on how to ask a good recommendation questi
good deploy the site on google app engine?
good so how do you guys know that op is taking that course and he is asking this because he has to do the homework?
good you don't need the cast to - an address will implicitly convert anyway.
good not anymore. the community shouldn't need to downvote answers to clean up.
good if you meant the single quotes, i have corrected it. also this might not be a copy-paste soln. beacuse i dont know ur db schema. you can understand the logic and implement.
good hold it dude - are you including your own manual trees ?!! like real physical trees?
good i can't believe you're suggesting to use regex when someone finally asks a question about parsing html properly.
good sorry for my idiotic way of asking
good you have enough reputation to upvote answers and you can also accept most useful answer. please make use of this privileges as especially accepting an answer is very important here on stack overflow. endoro and i have spent a lot of time to help
good can you please delete your answer? i would like to delete this question.
good i thought to swap array. and don't mind my mistakes while asking cause i am new to this community.
good that is sad. have you tried contacting bluemix support and asking them for help?
good im just a noob trying to get some help
good feel free to upvote my answer if it helped out!
good i know bro i cant thank you enough sorry for pissing you off man . really thank you
good assuming i am a total idiot, please comment those lines, or put it in a step-by-step format that i could follow - is not something so is here for. take the tour and read how to ask.
good i don't mind the downvote but at least point me in the right direction while you're at it! -
good no problem, if you found the answer helpful then don't forget to mark it as accepted. happy coding!
good why is everyone down voting this?
good why would you guys downvote this good question
good i'm voting to close this question as off-topic because asking for code is not the purpose of this site. please read the faq.
good have you actually tried debugging your own code before posting? does this even compile? last time i checked isn't a valid keyword
good wrong site. you're looking for ask ubuntu or super user instead. this site is for programming questions.
good don't know why you got a downvote just like i got one for this. plus one.
good i'm afraid this is off-topic here. you can look this up in any math textbook.
good give answer if you know how to solve this instead downvote the question.
good i also have another question a bit off-topic. how do you guys get notified that a question is posted on stack overflow. i got your reply very fast.
good fyi you should use hour format or else how do you know the difference between in the morning and at night? also no need for the as the db column doesn't use that.
good you can set property..
good this worked perfectly. i was looking for a way to not remove the class from the clicked dot and this was it. thank you.
good this is more of a workplace question. we answer questions about writing computer programs here.
good did you have some states on the notifications, for example readed and unreaded?.it makes a lot of more sense if you instead of return a json response from the serversee php.netmanualenfunction.json-encode.php with all the unread notifications for that specific user.
good actually thats the only while loop i see that has the incorrect trailing semicolon, most the others are do-while loops
good oops, good point, but hey just an example. we still don't know how op wants to mutate each group.
good post your code.
good post a minimal, complete, and verifiable example in your question please.
good i threw you code in a plunk and it seems to work with no console errors. plnkr.coeditpbnblrrtxeerjli?ppreview
good possible duplicate of order of constructor call in virtual inheritance
good declare the function before using it.
good sometimes you inherit bad tablecolumn names from those who have gone before. it's just something you have to deal with. you can put double quotes around a column name to allow mixed case names. it may make the query seem a bit cleaner as it doesn't look exactly like a keyword.
good everything my answer included is a sledgehammer approach. if dependencies aren't tracked properly, you basically have no option but to do a full rebuild.
good hav you counted how often your loop in is being traversed altogether with aa and with aa by any thread? once you have, come back and modify your question. hint your threads don't share any work
good is used to reset terminal attributes like display color. is executed before the prompt is displayed, and the command is presumably used to undo changes made earlier in the prompt but not shown.
good nope it looks for one of them it is a character class after all.
good not sure whether relying on the order of the properties in object is good idea.
good undefined behavior. you can't predict what might happen with any degree of certainty without knowing the exact context in which your program is running.
good welcome to stack overflow! it sounds like you may need to learn how to use a debugger to step through your code. with a good debugger, you can execute your program line by line and see where it is deviating from what you expect. this is an essential tool if you are going to do any programming. further reading how to debug small programs.
good remove the semicolon on your while loop line it should just be edit actually i see this on multiple while loops, there shouldn't be semicolons on any of those. you don't see any output because none of your if statements will evaluate to true at the end if your while loop doesn't run for enough iterations to make any of the conditions true. that semicolon is just ending the while part of your main loop so it will run no more than once.
good why .?
good can you share your code that you tried?
good it's an , it will match all records that are not or 'null'.
good can you add some relevant code showing exactly how you are declaring the background of the site?
good don't you need to add the buttongroup to a form or panel?
good i'll add an addendum to my answer.
good how about select from tams.orderdetail where isnullcheckpointstatus,'na' ! 'completed'
good op original poster
good i would assume the ? is the crucial part op wants to know.
good what about ? jsfiddle.netvabsqv
good thank you sir. little adjustment but i hope this can help others as well who will have a hard time using arrays.
good yeah of course! let me add a hint on that
good read how to ask then edit your question to contain a minimal, complete, and verifiable example including concise, testable sample input and expected output.
good mcve please. my eyes can't handle this much java without an ide.
good your main question doesn't make sense to me. it returns because push returns the length of the array you've inserted element to. it does push element to the array, but as you're logging the return of push, and not the list you see only . if you'll log you'll see that that your array has in it
good have you looked at the documentation for ?
good i just worked it out went with
good you can do it in between the data frames creation and writing to file with
good you could also use instead of , it already has several events related to data changes.
good possible duplicate of what is a nullpointerexception, and how do i fix it?
good welcome to stackoverflow. please read and follow the posting guidelines in the help documentation. minimal, complete, verifiable example applies here. we cannot effectively help you until you post your code and accurately describe the problem. stackoverflow is not a coding or tutorial service.
good welcome to stackoverflow. please note, that this is not a free code-writing service. yet, we are eager to help fellow programmers and those looking to learn with their code. please read the help topics on how do i ask a good question. you might also want to take the tour and earn a badge while doing so. afterwards, please update your question with the vba code you have written thus far in order to complete the tasks you wish to achieve. stackoverflow.comhelphow-to-ask stackoverflow.comtour
good crystal ball says you are not calling cwinthreadpumpmessage. no message loop no messages.
good kotlin made the choice to support implicit sam interface conversion to functions only for java interfaces. not for kotlin interfaces. i agree that this hurts readability in some cases. type aliases will come in the next version afair. jetbrains will then see if that fixes the problem of if conversion of kotlin interfaces should be allowed. there's a feature request for that youtrack.jetbrains.comissuekt-. in the meantime, i would just use in the signatures. hopefully refactoring the code with type aliases won't be too hard.
good in your last comment there are spaces before the flags, which will cause this error.
good what have you tried? we're not going write code for you.
good good point!.
good i guess op is surprised that the value he reads out via the const argument can change.
good where is problem you talk about ? please add more information to your question
good i have a ble device with a refresh frequency max of hz . hence ms
good you will want to go through the process of collecting the indices of the y values that match as i did in dupeslist twice, once for both the min and the max variables. once these indices are collected into two separate lists, use to draw the lines on top of the scatter plot. you will probably want to add the col argument to control the colors.
good you may think your question is reproducible because you link to input data, but it's much better to have the q be self-contained.
good please provide a reproducible example
good you can save textview information if you convert to string or string but no textview object.
good what dbms are you using? sql server? mysql? oracle? something else?
good this site is for programming questions. we're not general os tech support.
good using once per file is definitely better than calling once per line of input.
good technically this is a variant of a pivot query, and mysql doesn't support them. the workarounds get very ugly, very fast. if you only ever need to check for , then it's not totally horrible, but the workarounds can not handle .n arbitrary transformations. you're probably better off implementing the counting logic in client-side code, and just doing a conventional query.
good your question title talks about a cycle. there is no cycle here.
good it doesn't work is not a question. what have you tried to do to debug the problem? add some logging statements somewhere so you know what your code is doing.
good you may well not be able to send the email from another recipient. while technically you can set the from or reply-to headers to any value you want, your smtp provider gmail might see that as an attempt to be deceptive and might change the from header you have set. that's just speculation, but it would explain what you see.
good and start with understanding basic differences between server and client.
good what exactly do you think is wrong with the code that needs to be picked up by sa?
good something like that happened to me when i had plyr package loaded
good is a subset of , so every algorithm with a time complexity of also has a time complexity of .
good you forgot a quote somewhere.
good i want to be able to get a pointer that refers to the void foo method inside the a object you must understand that there is no such thing so you cannot get it. there is only one method in the memory that serves all objects of type class . that's why you must specify object to which you want to apply this method for example in the form - unless that method is static. to answer question how can we make a difference - method get's hidden parameter by which you know to what instance current call is made
good no, that'd probably be the most efficient. just be careful, because you will be dealing with a string, and may run into trouble with other functions that expect text strings, not binary strings. e.g. something that mis-interprets a sequence of your bytes as a unicode multibyte character.
good i've already used this method successfully to create a cache of random bytes to be used on demand.. it should work just fine.
good well if its working all right, what do you need help with? improvements? also can you double check the code that you've posted in the question? i see infinite recursion.
good remove androidonclick attribute in xml and test it,
good are you sure you have more than file in the folder? if so, it will immediately end the do loop.
good that was it. thank you very much for your help and thank you for the great explanation. i am new to visual studio development.
good you posted just a few seconds before i figured it out and posted my own answer
good have a look on this answer
good how fast is x? we don't know, benchmark it and see.
good found this that indicates it might never be coming - connect.microsoft.comsqlserverfeedbackdetails
good you can't parse html with regex.
good please post the sql you are trying to execute
good it's not . you're also missing a in your append, although even doesn't make a whole lotta sense.
good mysql doesn't have identity, so is this postgres? use appropriate tags and don't spam unecessary ones.
good this should be a comment. it does not answer the question.
good are there any other python conda installations when you use the drop down on project interpreter? if there are, try those and see what happens.
good how do you define are you reading from ?
good if you want more than one appliaction in a page, you should bootstrap module manually with . with single app your code works plunker. also, see this related so question
good could you please attach log of variable received from the server? because seems like client just receiving invalid response.
good i agree with your comment in a technical statistical sense, but terminology varies widely. produces the numbers that the op gave in their example .
good so what have you tried so far? what part of translation to seems complicated?
good should also explain what it would do if valid.
good ah wait the 'iterative' you talk about is the fixed point method? if yes as it appears in your original code, then you can't use it on function f to find its roots as it is. if you want x such that fx, then you need to find a function g such that fx writes gxx and then apply your fixed point research on this function g and not f.
good i've looked into this in the past, and i find it's just easier to combine a with that will automatically compile the files and dump them to the static folder. that way the go code doesn't have to worry about compile errors, new versions, etc.
good this page has instructions at the bottom for enabling c exceptions to be thrown from floating-point environment exceptions which you'll have to configure before they're raised.
good you have tags, angular cannot support more than one application in a page.
good - for that crucial observation. i think the fact that a mb xml file results in mb of application memory use is also a strong indicator that it is the processing of the xml by the application that is primarily responsible for the excessive memory use, rather than the xml itself. to provide any assistance in that area of course, we would need to know what the app is doing with that xml.
good the line i am trying to enter a file path in command line and then run an executable on them. makes me believe is not what the op wants, he wants command line args.
good i doubt ms would even care. we care because it means that the user installs the new version of office and your app stops working. the user then says the new version of office doesn't work. it makes this app crash. i rely on this app for my day-to-day work. this is a critical bug in office.
good void pointers should be avoided. why are you using them?
good check or .
good well, start bash with , try it there, and if that works, your login shell is probably not bash. also, check for the shell entry on the line with your username.
good using something like it might be slow, but i see no reason to think it would be noticeably slower than something built in if you use and or an block.
good what's wrong with ?
good hmm, i seem to recall something about the crt buffering output differently i.e. not by line when it detects output is going to a pipe instead of the console that could be it. see stackoverflow.coma
good thanks! it is working! and i'll mark your answer as the solution in mins. d
good raywenderlich.commy-app-crashed-now-what-part-
good under , is listed among the packages?
good sounds more like they want a keylogger.
good why do you need to overload anything?
good does face palm. i cannot believe i missed that.
good maybe you can solve it it via the withcount method.. to count it directly instead of each time in the view. laravel.comdocsmaster counting relationship results
good there is no such limit, the cause of your problem should be found elsewhere.
good .sql files are script files and do not necessarily contain data but structural tablefield items and may or may not insert values. you need to run the .sql file in a compatible rdms then connect with for data.
good see why filter after flatmap is not completely lazy in java streams?
good shape names are descriptive only.
good why do you define as array ?
good if you do not have a where or order by then you can omit those portions of the delete command, but it is important to note that you cannot guarantee that the data being deleted is correct without having a where or order by. the data may not come out in the same exact order every single time, even though it often does.
good in addition to not using mysql functions, php . is eol for nearly years. it's time to upgrade.
good from the examples you've given, your data is very close to both csv format and python list or tuple format. is it all like that? either replace the leading and trailing and replace with nothing - load with the module, or replace with nothing, and use - are they options?
good you might want to have a look at this same problem previously asked. one issue i see with your solution is that you are thinking about prolog imperatively. that is, you're asking yourself what do i tell prolog to do to this information to get the results i want rather than thinking relationally.
good similar to comment, if certain behavior is best tested, consider refactoring out this behavior into a different object with public methods that can be tested. the existing object with those private methods can then internally use this new object with tested public behavior.
good downloads.chef.iochef-dk
good stop using deprecated api. use or with prepared statements
good two. firstbuttonclicked and secondbuttonclicked
good so what happen with your other question ?? stackoverflow.comquestions
good unmanged code is a dll
good why do you want to load everything? you only need to load whatever the user can see, not more
good nice!! congratulations!! this is the best result you had a great research. thanks for the link. perhaps you can post your own answer here? at least i will vote it up!
good in that case your simple solution should work fine. i misunderstood and thought this was an issue where you need to get all parentchild rows recursively. the solution i posted will do that just the cte and the following select statement - the rest is just to show that it works properly.
good it has changed for me for some reason maybe i've pressed on keyboard without noticing so i said it just for safety so you wouldn't change other interpreter on mistake. on mac you should go like this pycharm - preferences as you can see here jetbrains.comhelppycharm.accessing-settings.html i hope that now you can follow my other parts of the question and that they'll help you.
good or somehow way faster generate a json or xml and display that using javascript benchmarked this once somehow this is way faster then html rendering even when you generate the same elements with your js
good output the query and count each part of the query.
good just because something looks like something you know from functional programming doesn't mean that's what it is or why it is being added. being able to expand parameter packs through expressions like this is not a feature that was added for the sake of being more functional.
good the top one is the best duplicate. that one is about weekdays work days
good solved it. instead of using optim, i used nloptr solver. it allows for inequality constraints. have a look here..stackoverflow.comquestions
good that worked. thanks so much. i'll mark as answer if you want.
good then understand that if you have not backed up the development remote, the history will not be preserved, and you won't be able to get that back.
good this is not a list of strings. this is an array of literals.
good could you add some code to help understand root cause?
good a program intended for use exclusively as a daemon ought not to be outputting anything to its , nor, as far as it is within its control, to . direct output to a log file, or log via syslog.
good thank you so much. you just saved the day. i am able to get the data now. and i assume that in fix we have to send separate request for bid and offer. is that right?
good as suggested
good are you asking if functions such as this will be added to the standard library?
good what do you mean by ?
good though from your example, why are you bothering to ? just instead and keep it as one data frame.
good possible duplicate of prolog, x before y in a list
good i like how you have a downvote but no comment on how to improve your solution. that's so so these days.
good yes, it seems so xd
good instead of loading full data, load it partially and load only portion that you can view on page.
good you'll probably have to show a bit of code, but when making cross cc libraries, should be used if not already
good protip make an account and post your actual, working code in full context on code review, make the title say what problem your code is solving, explain reviewers what the code is doing and why, and you'll get feedback and suggestions about all aspects of the code, including ways to extract methods and parameterize your procedural code.
good the in is for data frames. if you want to mutate each data frame in a list you do it the same way you'd do anything else to each data frame in a list , a for loop, or package.
good from closing the dataset will also unprepare the query. it seems that the preparation of queries have sense only for . don't know why.
good they both sound wrong to we. i do not see why a temporary would be made when copy constructing an object with another object of the same type. i also fail to see where assignment comes into the first example.
good you have the solution if you have or , i vote for your way i did it in similar fashion when i had to retain a value like this
good maybe try to integrate python script like this one or cc addon at least? because seems like nodejs doesn't have this functionality.
good the launch screen is not optional. it is there, not as a splash screen to show a logo etc, but as a way to give the illusion that your app is opening instantly. check the apple hig. so, you can't remove it. but you can change it. what is it exactly that you want to do?
good there is no right or wrong answer here, it is a matter of opinion. using an embedded database such as h, is pretty straightforward and lightweight imo. a third option could be the preferences api.
good you haven't told us what the error is or included the code that gives it. what help are you expecting us to be able to provide?
good in fact, this is the best answer here, hence it narrows down the fact this is a mapping issue.
good what is the datatype of component.name in your db. is it nvarchar?
good your question is very unclear. you said you have error with but did not provide any of its code
good any reason you are using and not for the column?
good can you show us the code for the dosomething method?
good test behavior, not implementation. if this is a private inner class, it is an implementation detail. think about the behavior of the class exposed via its public methods and test those only.
good what sql do you have so far?
good is and is
good hey, i gave your thought another try and was able to fix it. i forget some brackets in the code. thanks, it worked like a charm!
good like i said, trying to make move assignment thread safe is conceptually flawed. something that might be applicable to you would be something similar to the method on the . if you want to use a cas operation to achieve thread safety, i would ask that as a separate question in so, otherwise you could just use a and to achieve thread safety, but you will then need to consider thread safety of all internals and possibly your iterators depending on the level of functionality you are trying to implement.
good if it's under , it's -bit. your -bit scala requires a -bit java runtime.
good what toolchain are you using? what is the command line used to build the program? does it repo if the posted code is simply wrapped in a with initialized appropriately? if not, can you post a mcve? can you post a link to the actual data file?
good no problem. it's just one of those lessons everyone learns where they now start to name variable and controls properly instead of , , , etc. also a single breakpoint and some debugging would have shown the issue
good please don't do that. mark matt's answer as accepted instead, by clicking the checkmark next to it.
good it would make more sense if the signature was and then drop no changing the array.
good please refer to developer.mozilla.orgen-usdocswebjavascriptreference for the usage of match. it is used to match a regular expression and returns a boolean value.
good don't use a delegate's begininvoke method to implement threading, a bool is not a synchronization primitive. there are better ways to do this, how to correctly handle this for a backgroundworker is covered in this qa.
good most likely a z-index issue, something is covering the link
good just use a sieve, and scan the result.
good posting the code in which currently having problems in getting all the combinations for comparison . would help clarify your goalissue.
good fair enough . - start it with redirecting to the bit-bucket
good use an ide or pick a different text editor.
good many thanks.
good i believe you wont need it.
good this is a personal repository and not shared with anyone, so no worries there. sorry to be a bit daft, but i am new to git and i obviously don't know the commands well enough. my local repository is in ecodecode.website. the local branch is development. the remote repository's branch is also development. so would it be ?
good what you'll want to do is stop event propagation when the or a div containing it is clicked, so it doesn't bubble up to the where the body click handler would act on the event and hide the form. check jquery's and
good i'm going to upvote you since you put me exactly where i needed to be. however, in my environment, lookupfield.lookuplist was a string, specifically the list title.
good is not a valid build system option. it should either be or not present. the items in the array need to be individually surrounded by quotes, and separated by commas. if you set the executable bit on your file, you don't need to call it with , you just need to put the name of the file there.
good right, because you're calling on a non-static method from the static context in . i would recommend reading up on what means in java.
good looks like a homework.
good the operating system won't change anything. java is cross-platform by design. the issue here is that is not the same as notice the curly-ness of your quotes
good sorry guys, yes, it's supposed to be -.. just edited the question. thanks for pointing that out.
good is contravariant not covariant.
good nice hint answer per op request. uv quibble disagree with strings . usually terminated with a byte. in c, strings always end with a null character, else it is not a string.
good interesting, i worked a lot on repeated timers, but few on non-repeated timers. so i'm not sure if it's important in this situation. just curious, if the timer is initialized, then the tableview is removed from superview somehow, then the timer is fired, would that cause any problem? when the tableview is still in memory or not.
good what text editor are you using to type it? whatever it is, i'd suggest using something else.
good this worked well - thank you! i had to hack up my millisecond value a bit as mine were digits long and the datetime datatype expects three digits. thank you!!
good no, this is perfect. just what i was looking for. thank you for breaking in down. i was looking to check if there is text within the div.
good take a look into your http servers error log file. that is where you can actually read what the error is instead of having to guess or ask here.
good yes, because reduce returns an optionalstreaminteger, not a streaminteger.
good yes. just threath them as different models.
good it does nothing because you told the function to return if the value passed in is equal to
good actually an will keep its target retained and the run-loop retains the timer, therefore will never be called so long as the timer is active. you will need to call manually at the appropriate time in the object's lifecycle. although in this case op's timer doesn't repeat so the target will only be retained until it's fired.
good i gotta a feeling you're not loading the library before trying to use it.
good jquery library correctly linked?
good try adding on the line before, and see what it tells you
good continue the reading and come back to this point later, sure you will understand it then
good add a class to when is clicked is an extremely common question on so and the answer is pretty much the same for any x and y. your x and y are div and other div . here is a question where x and y are parent div and div.
good how'd you read through that mess so quickly?
good since ruby is extremely strict about what's false in a logical sense, is never going to happen so you may as well abandon that idea the when in rome principle applies here. if you're doing a mapping operation, express it as such. in other languages you can take advantage of zero being a false value so the simplest expression of your desire does vary considerably depending on constraints.
good your example is not much of one. what explicitly have you tried andor researched?
good this is a question and answer site, not a free homework completion service. you need to learn to program yourself, not ask internet strangers to program for you.
good it sounds like you might be looking for functionbind but it's hard to say for sure without more detail in your question.
good what is your specific question?
good if you are encountering an issue with your code, you should describe the issue and ask for help, not
good those are variables i used because i don't know your branch names, or the location of your remote servers. for me, it could be , for you it could be something else.
good the command prints a newline. when is streaming output to a pipe, it is running in mode. see the difference when you run and in terminal and you will see the output is different.
good what is your question? if your question is what is the o-notation of this code then you are not on the right website
good are you closing your connections when you're done with them? sounds like the os might be running out of network handles. some code would help diagnose the issue.
good is the parameter you sent into the function, whereas would return a string array. what do you need returned is a better question?
good an equivalent access would be
good the answer is a definite yes. it's easy to construct such an algorithm. if you want to find one that is already being used for something, that's a different matter. you should think about what the numbers could mean means you need to do something for every element of the input set, means some kind of divide and conquer operation, and squared means that you probably need another divide and conquer for every step of the previous one.
good then why did you copy the array? just forget the whole loop and do and your done. now will happen in the shared array.
good take baby-steps, by first trying to build in c mode, and fix potential errors and warnings. then rebuild in c mode, and again fix errors and warnings. each of these steps are not that big, and c is mostly backward compatible to c which is mostly backward compatible with c. the big breaking things comes in the future c which will remove some deprecated functionality.
good i'm french but isn't it 'you are dead' ? edit pure html code but you provided pure javascript code .
good that was just a guess. unless the op shows how he is running with may be screenshots, we wouldn't be able to help
good if the view being shown has a model of a single instance of something, how do you expect to derive a list of something? you can turn a basket of apples into individual apples, but you can't turn an individual apple into a basket of apples. also, you can't create a instance of an interface, only a class.
good can you provide html also?
good first of all these are not dictionaries, these are lists of tuples. secondly what is the expected output? what you've shown us is not a data structure, it's a drawing. thirdly what has a database to do with any of that?
good will be the textual representation of the array with square brackets and comma between elements. is this what you want or do you want to concat all content? for that
good are you running your html off a server or just your local file system. you do not need an ide for htmljavascript development a simple text editor should suffice. if you are running it off your file system place the image in the same folder as your html file.
good hm, lets see. columns in the column list and values in the value list. i wonder what the error could mean.
good in this case, the single quotes around are optional. it is the same as . so, is also a key.
good possible duplicate of formsauthentication loginurl
good addendum will also match the beginningend of one line in multiline mode
good related question.
good those are not dictionaries?
good better yet, tell us the value of , and . tip instead of do instead of instantiating in this case, it will return true or false.
good yes, but don't do that if you want to keep your co-workers from strangling you. don't do this normally. if someone is working on their code on top of that history, your new branch won't be compatible with their code. read this, this, and this. you don't want to mess with remote history. just add a new commit to undo a previous commit's history.
good thanks for answer. i am not focusing much on optimization as it is just a hobby project, so quick and dirty is fine with me.
good only if object is referring other object, this will happen.
good while doesn't have a method called , is an abstract class with two concrete subclasses, and , both of which do have a method.
good why would two instances of a class have different member functions?
good possible duplicate of is it possible to listen to a style change event?
good may well be right but i am puzzled. if you are running idle, the shell window doesn't have a run module selection. please tell us which tool you use and where you do the run.
good and i think a general question is fine, but they are usually driven by concrete examples. so far, it appears that the real answer to your question is don't emulate this behavior because you don't need it. presumably that's not your ideal end state. the question form encourages you to do so because it's useful and would have prevented you from having to deal with most of these comments .
good that is not code, that is the information shown when running an interactive session in python. notice the title says but there is no in the code block provided.
good are you in need of ?
good if you just used , you wouldn't need the and .
good i've corrected the casing of in your question based on your comment. there's a difference between which doesn't exist and . try to be accurate when presenting code.
good welcome to stackoverflow. please read and follow the posting guidelines in the help documentation. minimal, complete, verifiable example applies here. we cannot effectively help you until you post your code and accurately describe the problem. specifically, what result do you expect? show us the value of d after this operation the table you give implies a change in d.
good what is the time of the internet?
good working with objects
good will do. i will edit my post.
good because gsub takes two parameters if you want it to return a string - i'm guessing you want
good it is not always question of tradeoff. there must be some way which improves both
good more importantly, appending strings exposes your code to sql injection, what if the value of was it's a shame we can't use parameters for the tablename, but we must at least sanitize the value or verify that such a table exists first.
good could you update your post to include the contents of the 'table' object?
good you probably mean .
good the best way is storing the session in db. for more accuracy, you can monitor the ip as well. so, if user cleared the cookie, you still don't allow himher to perform the action
good the selected parameter in option specifies that an option should be pre-selected when the page loads.
good in first comment i wrote result from . sorry if it was not clear. also that i've tried was the finest grain - it took nanoseconds instead of . of a second which i use in my original post.
good how would you apply an inline style to a react component without the ternary operator?
good thanks. but not being a c programmer, i wonder if there are limits to that. corrupting other processes? the os?
good oops yes, typo. ill fix it sorry
good its internally generated i think
good what do you mean and replace with needed? you mean per var?
good thanks, it worked!
good it is even easier. min and max are from the same dataset. y is always an ip-address. each ip-address is guaranteed to have two x values at the same position. so the pseudocode would be
good not clear to me what you are asking. composer coexists nicely with bower or npm. you just need a process to copy the files from the bower directory to your web directory. i use a simple gulp file but there are plenty of other ways. though i suspect you are asking for something completely different.
good no, i made new acceleo project by wizard and change only registerpackages method. i don't have a custom factory.
good will show the list of autogenerated triggers called for the cascade deletions. note that performs the operation so if you don't want to delete the data then wrap it into the block.
good indeed, that's the cause
good there are no console errors.
good i don't think sharing the parameter pack from with is going to work. in the case of the associated with your function, it is just , but in the case of a thrust tuple with a single int, the are actually , so we get the following note after your substitution failed message
good how do you specify the max zoom ?
good well, one way would be to use range to simulate the colon operation and then just index into cols .
good tried that, model is still coming out the same
good yes, but not necessarily a webpage to make an http request.
good but i still wish to do similarity checks for multiple input strings q, q, q etc.
good that's a bit off, mostly because this code is just a basic function with no data being added to the pdf file, and all of so code posted becomes cc, so.
good some code would be helpful.
good i am able to initialize a numpy zeros matrix. so i do not think that it is related to max numpy array size. the program is consuming a lot of memory while executing loop.
good and replace with needed via regex
good that is actually a different problem. now that the language is properly being passed to the page, you will need to check the query string and select the option as selected. this can be done server side or client side.
good you're calling , you need to clear twice too.
good i agree with all of that. but, value-initialization is always strictly better than , period.
good edited the answer from the information given in comments not everyone cares to read the comments. thanks!
good i'm out of ideas. all i can think of is to cleanrebuild your project without androidbackground and hoping for the best. good luck!
good your requirement seems rather straightforward. checkout kwatee disclaimer i am the creator. it may do exactly what you need with a minimal learning curve.
good in the first listing, you need listbox.selecteditem listbox.itemsi, instead of listbox.selecteditem item.
good i am no category theory expert but afaik the name and comes from category theory. is a category with no members, is a category with one member, is a category with two members true false. is inherited from c and it's a major hassle for generic code. typically in java, c and c you need to handle the case specifically because it's an odd type it has no value. is subtly superior as it has one value meaning there's no need to for special cases.
good that statement is a bit misleading as it comes from microsoft. es has nothing to do with typescript. typescript has similarities to es in that it also has a pre-standards module system like how angular has a pre-standards module system. now that there is a formal standard, clinging to pre-standards ts modules is foolhardy.
good see the code i posted. this is a much more efficient way to copy a value from one spreadsheet to a range in a newly opened file. not sure what the filtering was doing for you, but you couldn't paste a copied range into single cells in a loop anyway. i assume your formulas were just trying to get the number of cells as well.
good yeah, i had a hard time finding it at first to. it's not obvious. heck, honestly, i had a hard time find the google developer console in the first place. i bookmarked it explicitly because i didn't want to have to track it down again .
good is there a reason people have to downvote a legit question?
good well i hope it is a record because it will clearly demonstrate the total number of trigger happy idiots who clearly dont want to take the time out to read and understand what is being asked. really. all you downvoters are complete and absolute dipshits
good this is much easier visualstudio.comen-usdocsbuildappsaspnet
good moustafas, because you asked me i have tried it, but it did not yield the result you expected. the cause of this is that pageinit is executing the assignment too late and pageload is executed even later.
good first of all provide html with elements. i guess you can use xpath like this . remember that class is changing, probably button is not always . the second thing - don't use autogenerated xpaths like , they won't work in week and even you will not know how they should work
good where do you get this error, which line?
good first off. you have some attribute quote problems in the thing you tried.
good your question lacks too many details to help you which version of jhipster, which type of application monolith, microservice, gateway, what database, how many entities? which runtime environment embedded tomcat, external server, cloud? at least post your .yo-rc.json file
good this parses an avro schema, not a serialized avro document.
good i'm getting another error column name or number of supplied values does not match table definition -- both tables have all the same columns and the exact same datatypes. what could this mean?
good is invalid syntax. did you mean ?
good please read how to ask
good i haven't gotten to the point where there have been any errors. this is really my first time messing with xml and was wanting to know what might be the best way to go about doing this.
good show us the json
good you don't have a real problem, all characters can be represented with bits. some just need two of them, that will not trip up your code.
good stackoverflow.comquestions
good this is javascript url it looks like javascript f'', 'text', '', '', '', 'text', '', '', '', '', 'text', '',
good can we have maproute depend on url
good isn't range a generator in python ? in that case it works properly even without next use xrange in python
good i've tried your suggestion. i get error for both new columns i added the last day into the select as well. would this happen if there was no data in the time period represented in the aggregate set? these error results have been driving me crazy since i started looking at ssas because i don't know what to do to debug them.
good stackoverflow.coma
good you could place instead of to avoid the issue mentioned.
good god i'm blind. thank you.
good thank you for answer. but one question,please take into account that i am new in ignite i understood from your answer that tcpdiscoveryspi used for building cluster,and tcpcommunicationspi for operations with caches?.if it is so,how i managed using only discoveryspi i build cluster with remote nodes on server and one client modelocal node and i successfully did putsgets between nodeswhen my caches are replicated or partitioned. and i didnt use communicatuonspi. i think that discoveryspi normally understood.but comunicationspi is unsertine for me.
good your code snippet demonstrates that you have not read the docs. please visit quickfixn.org and do some reading.
good defining a subclass and obtaining instances of that subclass are two different things. honestly, that's a very basic java and object oriented programming topic, not specific to logging at all.
good well, i have already tried this as i have already mentioned in the question description .
good the same things that can happen when ordinary c code runs off the rails. bad things, up to and including crashes.
good this will pass the array of choices to jsp
good save user loginipaddress and the datetime of last action.
good the first sample script that i posted did encode three hundred .srt files in folders and subfolders in the specific path which contained folders with diffrent names. it encoded them perfectly but it didnt encode files in folders with unicode characters in their names like the example above, so somehow i needed the script to recognize these folders in general not just one folder or a specific folder.
good gotcha, the shipheadid comes from the table shiphead. the coitemid does come from coitem table as well.
good thanks, the line got remove from my config. where does phalanger look for dll's listed there?
good the first solutions works. thanks! however, i noticed that i created .nomedia wrong, so after fixing it the backup problem has been also solved.
good does this take care of thes case where the property exists but is null
good gosh i wish i could. i have no idea how to do that.
good a missing inline?
good see docs.scipy.orgdocnumpyreferencearrays.indexing.html, and
good you probably shouldn't use deprecated dynamic finders. instead i would use
good how do i maintain the structure? - create folder. move file.
good apostrophe's and single quotes use the same symbol but have different meanings. suppose your string were . do you want to obtain removing apostrophe's only or removing the symbol or something else? if it's the former, it's a bit tricky because some words have an apostrophe after the last character bro', or the possessive form for words ending with an s, such as chris' car and some words have multiple apostrophe's couldn't've.
good this is probably what you need stackoverflow.coma
good well yeah, but to be fair it was already pretty meaningless. the two languages weren't doing the same thing to start with.
good what layout do the jlabels have?
good please see update
good i'm not entirely sure what you're trying to ask. do you simply want the webpage to make an http request using javascript rather than physically submitting a form to create the http request?
good possible duplicate of what is a nullreferenceexception, and how do i fix it?
good i'm new to stack overflow so you'll have to forgive my novice attempt at asking the question. how would you go about creating something like the example shown in the link in my question? will get the code on here soon
good there are some additional files which are written in c.
good i edited the post to include an example of a successful scrape using this template and the library rvest that i am using.
good are those cities in an enum?
good so what's the problem? what did not work? where there any errors exceptions?
good i removed the fully connected -- added new code to edit. my dataset is currently only images
good stackoverflow.comquestions
good ok, now that php knows that the connection is in a given charset, what will it later do with that info?
good my apologies, this is part of a for-loop and these elements are extracted with each ith iteration of the loop. when i use rmtestisphericity correctionspgg this works perfectly. thanks for the feedback.
good the only thing that is changed between localisations is the path to the page so i can reuse the same page object model for each. the problem how do i iterate over localisations and generate test cases based on the elements found on page.
good of course you are right, updated.
good so how is this going to help me see the choices that i made? in order to select an item, shouldn't i have to add the selected as part of the option tag?
good string constructor, exception constructor, and the combination of the two. allows you set error, set pass trace of exception, and the combination. just my opinion.
good i have jmeter transaction controller. within the controller i make http requests. now i want to measure response time for individual http requests http sampler as well as overall transaction response time for all requests. my db look like --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz --tz
good that's what i'm looking for, but when i'm trying to change var current current.next, it says that requiring type is myvalue.type buy the one it gets is num.myvalue.
good hm. the demo works fine for me
good how many rows do you have in ? also, what is printed at the end? an error or affected rows?
good i'm not sure i understand. like, are they going to be removed by the end user? that answer is that users can remove them if they choose but generally comments are permanent.
good i would echo out post'fsubmit' before the if statement to see what that is returning. same with name and email just to be sure. right now if any of those are blank, you would get a blank page.
good thanks. but i'm not asking in what situations should i use unsafe code?. i'm asking about the actual results of unsafe bugs.
good any console error?
good can you share the result of -- ?
good possible duplicate of how to add events to controls created at runtime in excel with vba, create event handlers for multiple dynamic controls, and probably others.
good hey, thanks for the answer. i decided to solve this similar to your proposal. thanks.
good i am using numpy .. on mac. anything different on mac which doesnt work?
good i edited my answer, please give it a shot.
good lol don't worry the indentation is neat on my laptop! just struggled a bit to copy it in. thank you for the help!! i'll give it a shot in a minute!
good thank you so much -- i know these sort of comments aren't allowed but you just saved me an inordinate amount of time ripping out my hair. none of the other suggestions worked. cheers!
good it does now
good that's very interesting. can you also use to print the duration? and one more thing try a finer-grained callback value. instead of seconds, try .
good searching for an exponential limit function for the sequence to allocate proper size set or array i found a probable duplicate with a good answer, including code the spread function is an example of using a sieve, the is the sieve stackoverflow.comquestions. does this answer your question? if so i'll close it as duplicate.
good please don't add thank you as an answer. once you have sufficient reputation, you will be able to vote up questions and answers that you found helpful. - from review
good when i get links from the home page and then i will come to each of them and again i will take all the links. etc and more.. blocket - when it detects a link from another sitefacebookcom.etc and how come there and so was not looking for because it is a different page and can go to infinity loop..
good thanks. from what i've read i can extend the logger class by simply using public class mylogger extends java.util.logging.logger . is there more i have to do ?
good try changing to .
good probably the proper way to do what you describe is to write a selection model and install it on the list view. that would be a bit of a pain.
good well, it doesn't provide that information.
good try to reset it reset page
good links to what exactly?
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good seeing the full error message dump would be more helpful than just the last line. is the error occurring inside a library somewhere?
good these checks will be added later, thank you.
good awesome. it worked! thanks
good try looking in , there should be an there.
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good set to the ubuntu machine's git repo and set up a server side git hook on ubuntu to automatically push changes to the original repo.
good slower is highly inprobable. do you have indexes on the geo fields ? do they have bounding boxes ? are there valid statistics ? what is the query plan ? the server-tuning ?
good i actually got it working like ' ago, but still thanks for help!
good i did add labels to the frame, they are shown, so i don't understand what is wrong, i also tried to remove the setlocation and then add it to jlabel, still no luck
good i'm not that sure and can't test right now, but i think something like . actually that looks syntactly incorrect, but the logic should be alright
good what is f?array?or.
good great! glad to be of help.
good but it is not possible has a possibility to take full size on the product page, it is what is the problem
good ah, but now they know about in any case, if they would find that useful for something.
good thank you! ..
good i'm assuming that you're using both syntaxes, with the standard coming second so that it overrides for browsers that support it?
good that's using native location object. i'm looking to use the angular object.
good unfortunately the error reporting is on. not showing me anything.
good this is a multi-statement table valued function. they work but the performance is abysmal. most of the time a scalar function will outperform this type of table valued function.
good one more question - a call to the function contains two parameters column names -. since any of column names in the query don't have column prefixes, it is hard to guess which one comes from which table. could you explan which column does come from which table ? i suppose that comes from table, buf can't guess what table does column come from ?
good ok, please check edited answer.
good is it possible to do same for nested objects like var data executor.executesqlobjecttoreturnquery, new customerid new customerid id, anotherid id, anotherid id
good what is the type of encoded and secret variables? it looks like it's trying to get ascii code from a list of ints instead of a list of chars
good thank you, works fine
good restart your server after adding the line to .
good in addition to renaming microsoft.scriptmanager.msajax.dll in the bin folder, make sure it's not in the references section of your visual studio project. i never added it, but it ended up there anyway and bedeviled me for days until i realized it was there.
good changing debug to ndebug solved our recent headache. thanks!
good you want the button click-event to take the input value and set it as the link?
good you can edit the question to add more code. don't add it in the comments.
good would this question be more appropriate for programmers stackexhcange ? otherwise, a good question
good because i extend it ? right ?
good just for the reference if you look at ember doc it states observers are often over-used by new ember developers. observers are used heavily within the ember framework itself, but for most problems ember app developers face, computed properties are the appropriate solution.. this is directly from documentation. i would also recommend that you look at this video youtube.comwatch?vpuxrkcq which basically explains my point. but you can use whatever you want. i was just trying to help. cheers.
good c doesn't produce such exceptions, seems you are using a .net language like ccli.
good thanks very much
good no problem! thanks for the concise solution! works great.now i'll try it on ios.
good please do post names of the packages that you are using so that one can easily reproduce your error.
good you omitted some properties for myuser for brevity. include the constructor so that i can update the mock httpcontext to populate the correct identity
good it would be helpful if you could show your css in the question.
good write down your menuitemcategory class and the fluent api configuration
good for a small matrix, you could just do a bfs. for a large matrix, you might swap the rows based on the number of non-zero entries, and then swap columns.
good sorry, i do shiftenter but the output doesn't seem to take effect ! even tried to wrap the code in the mini-markdown but it doesn't seem to work..sorry new to this site
good please edit your indentation. it is crucial for python.
good explain what isn't working.
good ivan i have marked it as accepted..thanks for your response.
good you are completely correct. thanks for correcting that.
good it would be better to add error message into the question to have complete one. it looks like your server expect different content-type in header.
good your code won't even compile.
good note that from api , the right way to get drawables is
good some idea of the algorithm would be helpful. starting at d, the next cell with the same value is in f, which is one row and two columns away. you've said it is two rows. the next cell is b, two rows and four columns away from f, and rows and columns from d. you can see how this might confuse anyone trying to help.
good why wouldn't xamlwriter work for this?
good - stack overflow chat let's discuss this on chat! chat.stackoverflow.comrooms
good how are you including your custom sdk library in your application, as a jar or as a gradle dependency?
good how do you expect getlogger to know about your subclass and return and instance of it?
good you can accept the answer
good this worked. if you move your comment to solution i will mark it as 'answer'. thanks for the link.
good then comes the question of why php needs to know or care about the encoding.
good you seem to have two filters in your query, maybe remove the outer one since it doesn't seem to serve any purpose and its probably screwing up the query? also why do you specify size as everywhere? it'll just give you back results if i'm not wrong.
good your jsfilddle is not for my answer, it is for wieczorek
good it is not a permission issue with .
good this is a know limitation. currently report embeds are limited to a single filter expression. support for multiple filters and other client side commands are coming soon.
good that's an interesting idea. i am currently putting the control into the markup, but this is definitely a choice. i will experiment along these lines.
good let us continue this discussion in chat.
good i know, but for a mcve that only reproduces your issue, it shouldn't be an issue to use itextsharp agpl and get an answer to your question comments above? i'm not saying that you should plug .. into your full product codebase, just extract a small piece of it that reproduces your problem and try there with ... in fact, by posting your code in your question, you have already made that small part open source.
good tried it, but it doesn't work jsfiddle.netkreyr
good do you use some kind of module bundler ? webpack ? browserify ?
good button does nothing with url. do you mean form?
good thanks a lot! after a lot of time your answer solved my problem!
good you're looking for , probably. if so, i will close this with a reference to one of the many duplicates on that topic on so.
good i tried something like this a while ago but i did not have the part with the merged.loccondition. i think this looks pretty promising, let me test it.
good yes, it's most correct way but displays only line too. read comments just now there. the problem is os-specific win . well, thank you for help! what to do with question now?
good dmitry bychenko system.formatexception was unhandled hresult- messageinput string was not in a correct format. sourcemscorlib
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good not a programming question - try workplace.stackexchange.com ?
good exactly. i understand that this can happen. but i wonder how to deal with it when having such constructs hidden in a lot of code because it makes the code very hard to maintain.
good some sample data and desired results would be great
good how do i fix it?
good as per docif c or k is specified, then the remainder of the command line is processed as an immediate command in the new shell. multiple commands separated by the command separator '' or '' are accepted if surrounded by quotes.
good why are you using arrays instead of to store strings? and ? why.
good evilteach i considered mentioning the double-quote option, but i found that adds complexity to java in that when you request the data from that column, you must be exact, i.e. it is not case-indifferent. i tend to follow best-practices in an effort to keep-it-simple-sir. thanks for the input.
good so, the code must figure out if the href is in li which has a parent li element with treeview class and if so add active to class attrib
good has the shape been added as a child of the movieclip?
good your comment here looks like the solution! iremoved my longprocess delegate and started that in a background worker instead. i implemented the cancellation and completed booleans like you wrote on the other post. great idea. i kept the displayresult method the same. looks correct to me. do you agree? the only thing is that i'm still left with the weird behavior i wrote in number . now, after workercompleted, i see the last cell result updated. makes sense to you?
good in rails , because reasons, its now typecaseforschema.
good i think i did not put it correctly, i wanted to convert mysql ddl to mssql
good i am getting this error when attempting to add workstations ps cusersadministrator winrm s winrmconfigclient error invalid use of command line. type winrm -? for help.
good i have also tried start cmd.exe k adb logcat '' tee log.txt
good i'm voting to close this question as off-topic because the user is trying to bypass controls put in place by the owners of another website.
good there could be so many things happening in your code. we cannot understand unless you explain the right flow of your code.
good you probably want your current code will always echo , without waiting for to complete. better yet, don't use at all and use .
good try setting the color into the load, there all properties would have been loaded correctly.
good - sorry for the late reply. that only works if the lambda has no closure i.e., no captures, since a unique closure needs to be created for each dynamic instance of the lambda.
good the link is there in the description . sadly the website doesn't let me imbedd the screenshot as my reputation is less than
good as soon as the paypal view appears it has mock data at the bottom. i'm definitely using the production api code. so, it looks like it's immediately going into sandbox mode.
good first, you should edit them in as text. if they really had to be screenshots they don't you could embed them. second, you can see from the output that is an array, so petseral's second suggestion is likely the solution.
good i found out what i was doing wrong. apparently, you need to load the webpages directly through localhost and not through phpstorm. its working perfectly now. thank you all for your answers and sorry for making a problem out of something that did not exist in the first place. so, how do i close this thread?
good the best way to do that on any kind of os is to try and then get stuck on a specific problem. then post parts of problematic code and get help. people here are keen to help out that way, but they don't provide code for free.
good i'm also skeptical about your method. i personally would use a .
good it got to be that. perhaps try at the beginning of your view file and see if you get the errors.
good yes! i got this error in workbench itself.
good ah! good find. works great thanks!
good if you interpret the question as the op wants to force a rebuild if a header file is changed, then it becomes a more interesting or challenging issue.
good i just updated my answer. could you post your controller serving this view? as i assume the variable is nil..
good i need some event for it, because when i retrieve a collection i need to store on redis if collection not stored on redis yet.
good does it expire though? stackoverflow.coma
good sorry for my english. i mean i can tolerate this spring behavior locally but not in docker
good what happens if you add an attribute to your iframe then style it in css?
good that works perfectly! thank you! that's precisely what i was looking for. i manually tested for d and d by drawing graphs and cubes and the result is exactly as expected.
good and tell the server what encoding the bytes are in. binding does not know or care how the strings are encoded. so it is not sufficient.
good hi scott. i ended up going with the bindinglistt option suggested by larstech. that seems to be the most straight forward for what i am trying to accomplish. thanks for your input and suggestions.
good i won't give an answer for that. i cannot reproduce this. you'll have to look at the interpreter lifecycle i guess but this stuff is not really documented and changed significantly in time. it will also differ between configurations and modes.
good if you have a new question, please ask it by clicking the ask question button. include a link to this question if it helps provide context. - from review
good i had tried that preiously with use iterator and got the same - the class is then not found
good you have to create the temp table like you create a normal table and then insert values into the table.
good i am trying to run mysql in windows
good what if you just do where typical is the mean, median, or some other sensible baseline value before trying to predict?
good yeah, i guess i only call it polymorphic associations. you can't have them on the same table, without having empty fields on the table. but having those is up to you, so you could do it that way, just know the drawbacks.
good dynamo db is case sensitive by default. are you getting results which are case insensitive?
good by adding jquery window .load function i was able to get the plugin to fire everytime. but sometimes there still appear some conflicts sometimes the animated text does not appear or if i reload in the middle of the page, css transitions are not correctly anymore i also checked the theme main.js and recognized that it is using an older version of the same plugin. but i have no clue how to solve this issue.
good curious did you stop using dlj? if so, why?
good true, true. thank you for your help!
good google.com
good we will need some more information to be able to help you. can you put a screenshot of what you have with the layout as from the question?
good no prob, you're welcome.
good it is used only to show the destination flat file with the header and not more information. the rows showed in the data viewer do not appear at the end of the process.
good do almost what you did - use or - but keep the pod type in the signature and do the unwrapping within the settergetter
good look at this example
good i was assuming a simpler compile as in my example, without intermediate object files. of course, yes, if only object files are in the dependency list, then it will just re-link.
good order of keys in an object is not guaranteed. this may not work as expected.
good old habit to copy paste extra styles written for cross browser compatibility. yep, you are correct if you consider ie above then the one you suggested will work
good shaharyar thanks, look question - if y yes -next question it means how many a person smokes cigarettes a day.
good what do you have so far,? you should provide some code that shows your problem, or efforts.
good i'm not sure how i'd express the above sql with just values and similarity. can you give an example ?
good i'm not getting an error
good it's beautifulsoup created using
good thanks for the tip ill look into that
good registerrequest is at the bottom on my registeractivity code
good how about of your ? i have added some real customization to the control over there!!
good - thanks for the suggestion, unfortunately, phpunit responds with pack type h illegal hex digit, which i think is referring to the escape character
good essentially, i want to delete everything after apt or unit
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good its a form the user is filling out so i won't know exactly who's empid to insert
good have you tried connecting to your server with a mysql client like workbench?
good also be sure to check your firewall for port access
good blame ibm and their frameworks..
good what version of mvx are you using? by the looks of the namespace in the exception i would guess version xx. i'm not sure, but could this be an issue around starting your app from an activity that has not initialize mvx, could you perhaps provide some code around your app start process.
good can you elaborate that?
good it's created for each class we have. here is a sample public class authmodel implements serializable . private static final logger logger logger.getloggerauthmodel.class.getname . public string part throws ioexception logger.loglevel.fine, in part -my extends class is not getting called
good the directory layout in java must reflect the package name.
good i'm well aware of the bug, as i'm the one who added the support.
good oh sorry i miss read your part thought you where mentioning the simple case, one second.
good the following returns 'none'
good i'll admit that its very strange that a dedicated lamp exists just beside your webcam. my laptop has one too, except its downright invisible until i turn my webcam on.
good can you post your dockerfile you used? and, what is not good that you can tolerate?
good it's not clear to me exactly what you're trying to ask here. i would strongly urge you to trim out all the code that is not strictly needed to answer your question, and create a minimal, complete, and verifiable example that illustrates exactly where you're stuck.
good years later. thanks!
good did you add the labels to the frame?
good he is talking about maintaining a pool of already created objects and only creating a new instance if the pool is empty, kind of like how connection pooling works only generic instead of just connections. i agree though, for light objects it is a bit of a waste.
good you're welcome.
good well, that means that the user would have to have imagemagick installed on his machine. i think that the point of the question i may be wrong is to figure out how to process images in an electron app avoiding the installation of any external libs on the user's computer.
good that is the general idea however laravel provides some methods when using belongstomany that do that to make it a lot easier. i'll update the answer.
good sometimes you come back later and wish you could up-vote your own post. '' for as a much better replacement for .
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good can you post sample html and css that you currently have to produce your current output?
good it was what the app created from the existing database when i added an mvc controller with views using ef
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good i updated my question with screenshots. the json fragment contains data for the different tournament, but the structure is the same.
good haha cool, please give me an upvote if it helped ahh strange how that passes geojsonlint if that was the issue!
good css, position relative?
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good once it's compiled to byte code, you might be able to use a decompiler to have actual java code.
good possible duplicate of presenting a uiviewcontroller from an skscene spritekit
good thanks, i'll look into it.
good only for one request of the page. if you need the information for a longer time as long as the page is active, it could be combined with the viewstate.
good can you give me an example of something more efficient? maybe post as answer?
good i need an algorithm that transform a - tree in a b-tree, an algorithm that transform a b-tree minimum grade in a - tree, an algorithm that transform a rb-tree in a --tree and an algorithm that transform a - tree in a rb-tree.
good ok i got that. an extra layer-list tag was there inside parent layer-list. cheeky mistake !!
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good fabulous! thank you!
good exactly. like this guy who allegedly forgot and then foobar'd his data up.
good the value is read from the database. there is no way to predetermine the color at code-writing time.
good you probably need to turn on error reporting stackoverflow.comquestions
good possible duplicate of t-sql deleting all duplicate rows but keeping one
good this question is very broad. you'll need to provide much more information. we don't even know in which os mysql is running.
good looks good. if i may, i would pass the offset as a positive integer and add the minus sign when doing the slicing but it's a matter of detail. well done.
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good what do you mean?
good ok, just because there's multiple 's there.is it the first , where it is . ?, or do you need to find the id at the pe level to determine which array?
good i thought the question wasn't useful, so i reposted it with a bit more information. i'm still not sure how to proceed given the feedback, since the instructions and the feedback do not align. the instructions say to place the gradle.properties file in the project root, which i'm assuming is where the three folders are. i have done so and it only has three lines which are the locations of the sdk, ndk, and version. i still don't know how to proceed with gradle build, and the gradle documentation is long and complicated, not even sure where to start for my current situation.
good i've simplified my dataframe for this example. i'm not actually checking for odd or even numbers. i need to check an existing series' elements against a list.
good no problem if you want the track the you can add it as another property in the tracklist object, tracknumber track or during you loop you can just make a string and use the index
good it ended up working! i had a few more problems with my data that's my fault -- nothing wrong with your idea, so i thought i'd just cp what i did below.
good thanks. i assume, though, that there are some known limits. for example - my code can't access memory that's reserved for other processes on the computer, so it can't crash other programs or the operating system. right? not including using up resources. i mean - it can't alter their memory space. is that correct?
good i can use programseg-attendees-wherepivot'registered',-count directly in my view.if that's what you mean? if you mean can i put that into the controller where it gets eager loaded, that is what i can't figure out.
good are you basically talking about a factory? it's a common oo pattern. the pooling could be a component of it, but, in general, instantiating an object is extremely quick and pooling would be unnecessary unless there's a lot of object setup to be done in the constructor. the only way to make it generic really would be to use reflection to instantiate the objects.
good the complex case does not work.. jsfiddle.netkveyl only the li with treeview class which has element under it which has the reqd url should become active .. not all
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good could you edit your post and provide more detailed example of your code? in the excerpt you've pasted i see that you're using method, but you're not assigning the result to any variable. since dstreams are immutable, that statement is useless it effectively makes a new repartitioned instance, but it's never used. of course your full code might be already using it somehow, that's why it would be nice to see more comprehensive example. by the way you didn't have to remove your previous screenshots, all of them are useful in situations like that
good hey thanks, could you please elaborate.
good i have tried adding them to the new panel and to the label, but they don't show either way
good i didn't get any error messages. what errors did you get? what's the output dataset supposed to look like?
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good your question is a little unclear, you might want to edit it. i've modified my example code with what i believe your issue is.
good what you can do is go to the page you want full width and in template option select full width. you can see a demo here stackoverflow.cloudaccess.host?pageid the theme is same here also. if you want more help or want me to do this go to fiverr.comhpareek
good yes, well basically the values i'm inserting depend on how many already exist in the table i'm inserting into, so it's a variable number. i just need to find the max in that column and add every time somehow
good heroku sets its own port. try having socket.io listen on process.env.port
good please use the edit link on your question to add additional information. the post answer button should be used only for complete answers to the question. - from review
good what mathematical operation do you want to do? i can not really gleam that from the text.
good something like this? stackoverflow.comquestions
good worked like a charm, thanks!
good it isn't asking me for password anywhere.
good spark ... with hadoop .
good matthews obviously, dependencies are not configured correctly in this case.
good thank you for your answer! this looks much cleaner than how i am currently doing things. using parts of your example in my code will help get me on the path i am looking for.
good ah, that's because doesn't compare values. i edited my answer to use a with an condition in the clause. hope you figure it out.
good ok, i've tried both - same result
good i guess you need to use to remove the needles
good like i see the problem is other, just putting the script show me the error png' errorconstitute.creadimage'
good where are you creating an instance of your logger class?
good did you read this docs.aws.amazon.comamazonrdslatestuserguide
good you're welcome! btw, are you using some inversion of control container or what?
good concerning my question and what i am trying to achieve, is there anyone who can tell me if what i am trying to do is impossible or not and if so, please point me to the right direction on how to achieve this? my questions get downvoted while i am here to learn. it takes the fun out of learning how to code and being on stackoverflow
good this is inefficient and should be done at the sql level.
good we have an error and some code, which is a good start. any chance you might write some introductory text about the help you would like to receive? what have you tried? what are you trying to do, given that you know this code is insecure?
good ok i have the following function in my verify file working, but as soon as i change the name, i get an error saying its not a function but an object. works exports.verifyordinaryuser function req, res, next doesnt work exports.verifyadminuser function req, res, next
good google.com
good is the same situation using firefox?
good the problem with this is that my database is not empty it is quite full. so i cannot use a seed, that is if seeds work like i think they do. i could use a script, but that is kinda a pain.
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good that ends in so i guess you're depending on the data being sorted by the splitting vars? maybe is a more general option.
good ok i will do that soon
good i never used realm. i prefer for now to solve this problem with sqlite.
good headsoff doesn't seem to work on marshmellow even with the draw over. you can view the view layout bounds with show layout bounds in the developer debug settings but the heads up notification sits on top of their system alert.
good you reassigned the parsed values to the direction variable which corrupts your result.
good php version ..
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good do you mean you want to find a solution in the fewest swaps?
good negative. i did read we did fp in c in an inv. bank and it works flawless. it's also way faster and needs much less support easier to write test for and easier to argue when sg goes wrong. self documenting and fun and you'll understand you don't need sw caches .
good for grails ..x you can use release plugin. see documentation here grails.orgpluginrelease
good ok, i will try this too
good the simple case works the complex does not.. jsfiddle.netkveyl only the li with treeview class which has element under it which has the reqd url should become active .. not all
good thanks for replying. so i have gone through your theme settings and other things.
good renaming the usages is a bit harder
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good wow! that worked, but i had to make some improvements to support rect's origin changing. i still don't know why that is happening. maybe someday we will know something about this mystery.
good i am wondering why you removed accepted tick?
good i would use a collection of objects where every object has one property for each column data. basically a orm does this way when you get a row create a new object or you create an object and then saves to database. one row mapped to an object and edited in your form where you can show or hide any property as you wish.
good ok sorry
good sounds good. i will add it as an answer. let me know if you have any questions once you try it out.
good did you ever figure out why this was happening?
good yes, it can take any reader in stdin in the contructor
good let us continue this discussion in chat.
good you need to write with more clarity. your english is poor and you don't really describe what you are trying to do very well. for example, what does blocked mean?
good if its dynamic, is it coming from another query or where would you get that?
good i'm using osx, which is a unix so that might have something to do with why it's working for me. and yes, i'm using on the stream.
good and the field totallikes?
good i noticed the version issue so i tried to checkout branch of swift-. of swift and all other required projects. however, when i tried to build with command , it shows following error message make no rule to make target 'usersyangweigitllvmlibdebuginfocodeviewcmakelists.txt', needed by 'usersyangweigitbuildxcode-debugassertllvm-macosx-xcmakefilescmake.checkcache'. stop. make usersyangweigitbuildxcode-debugassertllvm-macosx-xcmakefileszerocheck error command binsh failed with exit code build failed
good i used to pass input parameters to controls by adding those values in aspx page i'm not sure if you do have the same!!
good i doubt that, since pageload will be executed even later than pageinit and pageinit is too late as well.
good did that too when i was setting card view's color to transparent. didnt work
good if you have a new question, please ask it by clicking the ask question button. include a link to this question if it helps provide context. - from review
good you are not using the ng-model, the question is similar in the fact that you are both trying to access a outer controller from an inner controller. your html is fine, since your ng-change using hartsuccessfulapploginscontroller is nested within your inner controller allappscontroller. let me know if i misunderstand your question in your comment.
good they still won't show
good i am sry to ask this , but new here. how can i flag a question as duplicate?
good heh actually i didn't use it just forgot to delete it and you ware first with complete answer. i was just playing around
good you did not understand me..
good can you please include data that will provide us with a reproducible example ?
good this was so helpful! thank you very much.
good if there is a new problem, please close this question and open a new one.
good thanks for the detailed explanation gordon!
good true, xampp .. with php .. comes with bad version of oci. i've followed your link and now it's working! thank you. i've download phpoci-..-.-ts-vc-x.zip
good the works alright and the corresponding unit test works nicely. it's just that i cannot do anything with after the db transaction failed at the attempt to insert a duplicate key.
good wouldn't just removing the executable and not the object files it is comprised of, just force a re-link, not a re-compile? thus not solving the problem.
good i don't know the context for this question, but if you plan on doing more than just this operation on the array, you should map the array to objects or ints representing time since jan , and sort it first.
good is there no way to split every character after comma?
good i think i'm not making part of this clear. what srccheck is, is not always the same. there are many different versions of srccheck that can be processed, and there are many different rows for each srccheck. i can't write a function for each one. perhaps this is more clear with the second example, where i'm pulling the string from a database table - that table has hundreds of rows and each string may or may not use one or more variables that come from the main script.
good if you are going to be throwing json into a sqlite database, you might as well use realm
good 'abrpm'.html'.de'.html.replacex..g,functiona,breturn 'x'b''.replaceu.g,functiona,breturn 'x'b''.replacex.g,functiona,breturn 'x'b''
good if you made an update to the permissions, has the admin consented the app after the update was made? also, if you copy your access token here jwt.calebb.net what value do you get in the roles claim?
good if you do it with php it's going to be row by agonizing row, however, it would be more efficient to do it at the sql level using case within your select statement. i can elaborate further if you can't get it figured out.
good i am unable to post the project unfortunately. i attempted your suggestion and while no success, my content is still there which is a plus but the slide out does not work. i see where you are getting at with this though. attempt to call viewcontroller with storyboard as opposed to the class itself.
good thanks for the suggestions, yes, it may be that the answer is that there is some subjectivity to how this could or should be approached and a hybrid approach may be best.
good i am actually start unit testing for a plsql project. i am trying to use utplsql for the same. i am not able to install it. do you have any idea as to how to install utplsql and get it running?
good great idea! i haven't tested it, but i'm upvoting to draw some attention and see if someone else has the time to test this solution. this would be exactly what i'd want.
good .. is lgpl. that means it can be used in closed-source projects, which is the one i am currently working this on. .. is the last release before itextsharp moved to agpl.
good the problem is that this works only for label where i deleted next. i have about records and i need that every one must be written times in order. this doesn't work for me or i may do something wrong.
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good what who is hosting the data you are querying? if you're connecting to an sql server then you should use the profiler there mssqltips.comsqlservertutorial i am using this all the time for my queries.
good post the php code where you insert and update click edit below your question, paste the code, save the question.
good it's like this -.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,-.,
good try using in
good check out if my answer helps your problem stackoverflow.comquestions
good now deleteion works but i don't have confirm window.
good watching someone struggle through exploitation examples like this gives me a weird sense of schadenfreude.
good yep. that works too.
good imcomplete example lucky boy
good yes it is written in uikit and in a view controller
good postgres, sorry. i removed the mysql tag now, it finally let me
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good could you give a example about put the focus in the textfield?
good no, it's nether the jquery is sitting on my javascript file.
good even if i edit the ng-click to ng-clickfiltermodality 'atletismo' it doesn't work. the problem isn't the string modality. i think it is because the ng-repeat. when i do it manually, without ng-repeat, it works.
good my bad, i should have ask the atlas file instead. the file should contains a drawable name .
good yes i can change the xml format. yes this one i will change this, looks good
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good you can fake this with tuples, you just need to put in a tuple and define the operators you'd like in a templated manner for both sides.
good i get bad file descriptor if i do file.txt or or without anything
good yes i did but it wasn't working.
good thats really great!! can you just explain what means? it looks for zero or more slashes?
good i didn't down vote your answer, but it's really not helpful to me. i understand exactly what does and i use it all the time. in fact, it was in my original code. to address my question of what difference it makes to move it as you have done, you've added quotes about what it does. sorry, i appreciate your attempt to help. but it's just not helpful to me.
good it's perfect ! thanks
good what's your use case in changing hundreds of properties? why not use in config server?
good produces the area of cells currently covered by the connection. you can check this by using a on . it will show the range area for a table, or pivot table for example.
good mysql or postgresql ?
good yes
good while this link may answer the question, it is better to include the essential parts of the answer here and provide the link for reference. link-only answers can become invalid if the linked page changes. - from review
good try a test case you can't swap the objects that and point to because their target type info has been changed, yet they are both pointers.
good thanks, i did not mean to include anything but sql server. getting used to sql server after having been on mysql for some time.
good no i want to show it once it is refreshed
good looks like your fake request object doesn't have a method so it is calling the method from object which does indeed expect an argument
good something you have was compiled for java stackoverflow.comquestions you can't use that though
good for anyone just reading this, i did not use the experimental plugin, just the normal platform. also, the follow the hierarchy .
good could you post what you've already tried to solve this?
good why don't you try with ..?
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good good answer. post it like an answer.
good also, my -minute makefile tutorial gist.github.comvirtualme
good use explicit joins not old style joins via a where clause. not that that is your problem, it is just that no one codes like this anymore at least not going into an interview
good evilteach i added the comment. good call.
good thanks for pointing that out. i did come across it earlier when i had that exact same issue but i was able to remove that item from source control, which fixed things. i'm not sure what i'm currently experiencing is a variation on the same or something else but i do not see these items in source control again, could they be hidden?
good it also looks like you are just checking if the answer to is an upper case character and not whether or not it is a or
good it needs to be dynamic, so the might not work
good did you try with configuration i added in the lower part of my answer? are you using any framework, like , or it is just one file?
good this does not really answer the question. if you have a different question, you can ask it by clicking ask question. you can also add a bounty to draw more attention to this question once you have enough reputation. - from review
good how long will context items live?
good also are you using the write function on the created stream?
good thanks it worked.. i made some modifications.. but thanks a lot
good so basically you have a single line?
good try . note that you also need to add some data and format your question into a minimal working example. as it stands it is likely to be flagged for removal, because it is not reproducible. please read this, this, and read the help pages to get a better understanding of how to ask question on so.
good it's important that the list is the conditional check.
good you are right. send me your answer to mark it
good thanks, that at least got it working, i know the code was pretty terrabad it was just the first example i've worked through for win that i could find.
good i'm giving the answer since it was the most helpful. i didn't want to subclass str or dict, but used his solution to build my own as listed in the answer list.
good guess that's a typo?
good i am getting error invalid object name 'temptable'. also, i do not understand the logical flow of how this works and when i will need to run this.
good once i start working on a macro, i'll give it a shot. the shapes has already been causing issues just depending on the person's zoom.
good this site is for programming questions, not a place to dump some codeerror messages. and on top of your error message problem, you're vulnerable to sql injection attacks
good i don't think it's anything wrong with it
good this does not provide an answer to the question. once you have sufficient reputation you will be able to comment on any post instead, provide answers that don't require clarification from the asker. - from review
good ok, i don't know spark so there's lots of things in your code i don't understand. like if returns , how can you call on it? whatever. if the line before works then move the call there. what returns should have a method.
good thanks. your proposal works, but the time is exactly the same, even a little slower. any other suggestions?
good did you try a cleanrebuild yet?
good nice to include the clearfix, but all that can be resumed to just
good just a headsup, for now docker for mac is even slower than using virtualbox without nfs. forums.docker.comt
good thanks a lot
good could you just test if the first address contains the second address? similar to firstaddress like concatsecondaddress,
good what would the html look like? where would the ng-model go?
good i have a rails active record that has attributes that are time, i need to do a to convert each attribute that is time to datetime. would be great that in the future the type of time could be changed in the db, hence the question.. but i guess i'm just kinda curious now.
good i was originally planning on having them in the same table. would reverse polymorphic associations be what you are describing? gist.github.comrunemadsen
good i'm so excited, i've been wanting to add push notifications to my app been learning xcode as a hobby for the last year, but there are still so many things i need to know, and with the new notifications, i figure now is the time. i got notifications working with my dev iphone, now i just have to figure out how to get the tokens for phones running the production version and pass them to the php script i'm using.
good media queries in every block, in some elements and modifiers isn't looking good because every media query is work for browser. i am not sure, but i think that the huge number of media queries can decrease website perfomance.
good that's a wonderfully-useful reference card
good you're some sort of wizard. thank you sir, this is exactly what i was hoping to accomplish.
good i talk with some developers and the conclustion of our discussion was that we can just use b-blockelement--modifier and not b-blockelement b-blockelement--modifier because in less we can specify b-blockelement, b-blockelement--modifier commons styles here.
good it seems the only easy option is running a regex on html as a string .
good is this what you looking for?? jsfiddle.netmohamedyousefzzsxsnzy
good well, my main problem is being able to read in test values through my printer class then taking those test values strings and using them in my calculator class. i guess its an implementation issue? the interface package and vendingmachineitems packages i believe are correct. i can try to remove those from the post above if it clears up clutter.
good in that case, it looks like you lost the data, not just the format. if that's the case, we cannot get the data. can you share a sample of what you have now ?
good could you edit the codepen example to show how that would work perhaps?
good thats just perfect! did you publish this on github? you could add some more features like a option
good it wouldn't let me post the question with only postgresql as a tag, but yes, it's postgres
good why you use margin -.rem for t-news. i think that it is a bad pratice to add position for block. only parent block can set position of it's child. child block must have exact size.
good create a separate question for that. asking a new question in a comment highjacks the current question and doesn't allow us to answer correctly. see how to ask along with the linked pages. your question is answered in many pages about nokogiri here, so search before asking. meta.stackoverflow.comq
good thanks for the added explanation, i think my confusion arrived because at this line the loss from the last tower is used to represent the total loss but in fact it only accounts for a fraction of the loss
good are you using spritekit underneath? i had the same issue before, check out
good in the end i created all the variables in php so they were picked up then i could still leave the functions in twig and they get picked up there too.
good why would your main menu be in the viewcontroller? is it written in uikit? you should just create a scene file called menuscene and then transition to it.
good same stuff other piece of sound . what can be the reason? edit just saw you updated answer, i'll try other options
good yeah there is a . i'm just so confused as to why this error is showing.it must be something really dumb but i can't find it.
good zero-effort questions featuring txtspk in both the title and the body are liable to get downvoted and closed. please be willing to carry out solid research on your questions, format them nicely, and use real words so it is as readable as possible. thanks.
good if you can use qt ., it looks like might work.
good what kind of error exception thrown, incorrect output, other do you get?
good thanks ben i appreciate your help
good ? maybe you're running the php binary directly, but some shell script instead, and that script is stripping off arguments.
good what did you enter in question's answer?
good this is a duplicate question that have been answered elsewhere.
good show the code itself and the source json, and show the output. edit it all into your question.
good the problem is in line , that the strfilehtml is not loading the html, when i echo html, there is no output.
good is your jquery in a document ready handler or at the end of the page?
good redirect simply does another http request, in this case, to the edit action.
good you just want to show toast message when swipe?
good what do you mean by the api explorer?
good i'm on ubuntu mysql .. any other option available because i have other queries that i need how to turn only full group by of
good i use docker-compose, giving devsnddevsnd mapping in devices, and have also tried running it independently.
good possible duplicate of prevent user from going back to the previous secured page after logout
good no, there are different values from -. to .. so float values between one and minus one
good what is the function?
good when you created the pbix file in power bi desktop did you choose the import or direct query option. in both cases they connect to your underlying data source, but only the direct query option will allow you to change the connection string credentials after import.
good as a note when posting a question try and include the exact error message. if the stack trace indicates a line, describe which line produces the error.
good c property is need to use with where clause. this is relational db schema i am trying to change to graph. i fixed tyo for newa. however, i am trying another approach where i use existing relation and add extra property instead of creating new relation. looks like that will work and is a lot faster.
good it's worth pointing-out that modern tools do not generate code with a method any more. instead, call and cast the resulting object to a to set these kinds of properties.
good unfortunately that won't be feasible with hundreds of properties. i may have to use this solution stackoverflow.comquestions thanks for the info though!
good if you view the cookie in your browser it will be a string of hashed data, base decode that and there is a json array or data with mac, value and iv initialisation vector i think, it's this data that i want to access from within my app. is this possible?
good you're going to have to provide the code where the event is firing. probably mispelled or something?
good glad to hear it. been a while since i've done that. can you accept the answer if it works?
good questions asking us to recommend or find a book, tool, software library, tutorial or other off-site resource are off-topic for stack overflow
good testtournament was created by filtering out a list of objects by convertfrom-json cmdlet.
good any reason you marked the navigation property as virtual?
good if you do i can't get other status records like processing, pending and all. i want to get other records aswell including null but those once which are other than completed including nulls
good nothing important, an obvious mismatch in indexes. thank you for your involving.
good while that's great for deobbing the variable names, but it does not solve the problem of renaming the usages. such as x random
good but if the model changes the dedicated script will also fail. is there a way to say foo foo.newa.everythingina, mysteryid
good try to install it with sudo apt-get purge maven maven maven sudo apt-add-repository ppaandrei-pozolotinmaven sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install maven as explained here
good double check that you don't have your 'from' and 'to' addresses reversed. the is coming directly from kik.
good brilliant. looked over one easy step.
good that will reset the entire to its initial state.
good i can see that idea being useful somewhere a.i.. but i don't think you would get a good approximation unless the data was randomly distributed and you had multiple sets of data to perform an average on. if the data is not random there are too many factors that could cause the approximation to be wildly different. as keith pointed out, the huge advantage of the axis aligned bounding box aabb is that it gives you an easy calculation to short circuit your way out of the complex one.
good i wish the developers would stop writing batch files as they're suboptimal. it's easy enough to distribute an executable that calls the java runtime to execute maven, so why write a batch file and introduce these problems in the first place?
good take a look here for tips on avoiding in your code.
good done. do watch out for customers who get creative in the changes they make to your database. most customers aren't too bad, but some can make a whole bunch of changes that interfere with the app itself. for those customers you might need to enforce a drop objects not found. most times, i'd avoid doing that as customers sometimes create helper procstables outside of your schema.
good several reasons to match title of the question, example with numbers was an illustration to the code in the question, i always find it hard to understand code with multiple ordering there are three here in comparison with accepted answer. accepted answer got more upvotes on the moment of accepting. but thanks for your answer!
good saw that question, but i thought there are more simplier solution. and more native
good thank you, that's a good point.
good i don't believe using alarmmanager will work as i need to pass in the mainactivity in order to manipulate the textview, but i don't believe it is possible to pass in an object like that.
good i edit my question
good i'll try to explain how i proceed to construct the sql query, but i'm not sure if it's clear enough
good watch out what you've done here this declares as a pointer to and points it at memory address . it doesn't store at the address pointed to by , it makes point to data at address , and is almost certainly not a valid address for use. usually the first couple thousand addresses are verboten and never used because it makes trapping accidental null pointer accesses easier. then assigns the data at a bad memory address to the data at another bad memory address, and boom
good obviously if you need the validate the whole string you might need to use the start and end delimiters - see stackoverflow.comquestionsregex-match-whole-string
good of course micheal thank you
good okay well then matt answered your question then. if you go to that link, it tells you to use varcharmax or nvarcharmax.
good vardumpargv and vardumpget'f' both return null. if i take the -- off the cronjob, vardumpget'f' returns dirclean.
good how is that order related to gcd? i am not sure what exactly you are trying to achieve.
good can you post create table syntax for relevant tables?
good why do you want to check it? some of them share methods that allows you to use them without knowing what type it is?
good evilteach maybe so, i just could not bring myself to update field which is a keyword -- very bad practice.
good equivalent command for typings
good my platform is windows. could this be the reason? what are you using
good please don't post identical answers to multiple questions. post one good answer, then voteflag to close the other questions as duplicates. if the question is not a duplicate, tailor your answers to the question.
good have you configured your classpath?
good that error is not related to the issue you mentioned as you can see below .. string i'm a string i'm a string .. string.gsub!', '' im a string .. if you post more code i can help you with the other issue but you may be better off opening a new issue and marking my answer for this issue since my answer solves the question you asked.
good your code should work perfectly!! do you have an issue?
good in the example you've described appears to perform two roles, as opposed to one. typically, i would do in a method, and if it passes, then otherwise keep working until passes. if you have a method that accepts objects that are not apple, but does nothing with non-apples, why not just verify the object is an apple before asking to cut it?
good is the value same for all rows ? i see the file you have now has just value.
good you can use fulltext search for the brave of heart. you can have success with indexing if the string starts out the beginning of being indexed. otherwise it is a tablescan.
good what can i do to fix this? still i didn't get it.
good i am running elementary os by the way. got this error after running 'mvn package' pastebin.comtxfsnh
good there you go, i didn't want to hijack your best answer and complex looking at it, thanks for the comments to modify it to fit op's need. great job ! edit just modified your code to change the background-color and not the text color to yellowgreen.
good of course and therefore all or nearly all src code only deals with simple polygons.
good yes but my main menu is not a scene its a view controller, so how do i get to that from my scene?
good the values you mention are all in the output, or i don't understand what you mean. as far as i can see the output produced by my code is in line with your question. also, please don't put an answer in the question, but instead post an answer . as an answer.
good will that reset each inputs value onclick?
good webregsaveparamfoo,lbtd classdxtihectdtrtr id,rb class, ord,last post process foo to find the location of the hyphen and then use an offset to save to a new string, lrsavestringdestinationvariable, lrevalstringfoo
good route file added above. thanks
good websockets persistent connections pose problems with loadbalancing multiple instances, might be that, but idk
good i think, in much of the problem may lies in the lack of knowledge about the whole conceptions of the rest. try to read - different tutorials how the rest things works take your time, and get better perspective of it and try to look again on this problem. tip to reach some endpoints you will have to be logged into the service read as well how the fb authentication works. and good luck!
good why are you organizing your project like that? i don't think i've ever seen classes in directories that are aren't part of the package.
good swapping the dataobjectsbytes they point to
good are you sure it's an inlineshape and not a shape? graphically, is it formatted with text wrap or as inline? it's not in a header, footer or anything else by any chance?
good thanks i guess i was suppose to know it was was part of google plus api. i'll attach the screen shot of the choice above if anyone comes back here.
good do you have a question about some part of your program that is not working, or are you just asking for a general design review? if it's the latter, that's not really on topic for so. in that case you should take a look over on the programmer's se and see if it's on-topic there.
good initcoder is called when you call , which you call from your setup method, which you call from your custom init method.
good no problem the question got down-voted pretty hard so you are my last shot at understanding. i want something that uses arrays, since i worked only a little bit with dynamic memory,queues and such so i don't master them.
good hm right added in .. dont remember exactly.. can you triy to call the pivot count with the property instead of function? programseg-attendees-wherepivot'registered',-count
good you can use the property of a cell to set your input message in a macro if needed. i tend to avoid adding unnecessary shapes to excel sheets because they can cause other unintended issues as well especially if they are invisible.
good well, you probably should show a minimal, complete, and verifiable example with an edit to the question. in particular, is missing from the code you've shown. additionally, a method is missing from this class, so you should be getting an error in the logcat.
good i have added a small example.
good interesting question. by changing the current design, what problem are you trying to solve removing repetitive code, making maintenance easier, simplifying future development, etc.?
good i'd be happy to hear some opinions on this. have you gotten any direction so far?
good that works too. please mark this question as closed if it is answered
good thanks, at first i thought this wouldn't work because my browser had some compatibility issues and you mostly just gave me a starting place. after some time, however, i was able to implement this general idea which saves a ton of iterations from the two for loops i had going before.
good check this out s.postimg.orgwbmctclass.png it does contain image-link class
good this seems to no longer work rn . -- like the comments to daniel's answer below indicate injecting javascript, the navstate.title attribute now seems to be ridiculously large.for one line of text, the value is for me.
good will post that as an answer
good the translated values are shown in the labels because you're using naam uppercase there p.
good they are a part of dapper and written by stackoverflow. this is also happening using raw ado.net
good put it this way, if you do and the numberstring is then will be called. because it only matches does not mean that other numbers are no accepted. how would the user know if is between and if numbers - infinity are matched?
good are you looking for ?
good thanks medda! not sure what you mean trincot.
good thankyou.. it was useful
good try the updated code
good can also just create the environmental variable, and create a registry string value of at , both with the value of the folder path where you will keep the tnsnames.ora, which should be . as stated.
good you may also use
good i tried it, but it seems it doesn't work jsfiddle.netkreyr
good possible duplicate of non interactive items in qmenu
good thanku so much by some changings its worked
good yeah, that code shouldn't work at all, is plain javascriptdom, and you're chaining that to a jquery collectionobject. you, probably, meant to use jquery's method
good aside from the fact that that feature is missing from the specification, the error reporter seems to simply grab the message from a simple dictionary defaulting to english messages.
good yes, girl is a partial match of girlfriend and it should match. i am not using regex inside either of the two files i am comparing. let's take as a more precise example domain.tld is a match for somedomain.tld but it is not a match for domain.tl
good yes, i did try that. i hoped it would be used as a flash, but it isnt. the orientation is straight down and wouldnt work very well as a flash anyway. see my edit, i found the keyboard shortcut and it worked.
good logcat will be helpfull, also check if all variable and objects was instantiated. if don't know much about, read post suggest for azurefrog.
good you already asked your question here stackoverflow.comquestions and got feedback. there was no need to delete the original question, instead you could improve it.
good glad it worked out
good the actiont indeed is contravariant as from msdn public delegate void actionin t t obj , i can see the in keyword, but why do you say that the callback is in a contravariant position which results in a covariant? in this case all the usages of actiont will result in a covariant behavior, wouldn't it? please feel free to have an answer to the question, i will apreciate it!
good michael markidis i see that now. i love the binary approach. i have used it in various solutions.
good lets you see all the stashes, and more.
good thank you for the comment. can we save the files to a s bucket instead of hdfs?
good is right. the question is not elaborated, though. if you want someone try to help you, show the full code.
good the problem is you're not using controller aliases ex. . and your init should then be ng-initallapps.add
good why is this tagged c when you are clearly just talking about c?
good in my case i dnt get wht is pointing to null.. am a newbie in android studio but had java classes for years. in netbeans
good my best guess would be that the garbage collection cannot run as this is blocking code. if you add something like as some point it should be able to unblock, run gc, free up some memory and then continue execution.
good alright it has been changed
good i'll look into it. thanks
good i'm still very new to mvc and ef, when you say i didn't create it as a property, where exactly are you referring to? thanks!
good the extended option is a bad choice. because is not virtual if you access the list via a instead of your you will not get your event raised. you really should use or instead or if you are going to go with a extension, you need to extend instead of , that one has a virtual method you can override.
good what does show?
good show the code, using proper formatting not as screenshot - please edit your question and add the affected code - we can then help.
good i don't know how to fix it .
good plotnick thank you its a great resource for me to learn
good there's multiple columns, i'm about to edit the question.
good guys i'm just stupid, in mainpage.xaml.cs namespace was projectm, but should be projectm.views.
good specifically look for the line number where it crashed
good tried it and i recieved this error testing.rbin ' for nilnilclass nomethoderror
good i tried with and the issue did not appear.
good you are absolutely correct. unfortunately this is was an inherited app that suffered the same issue you have mentioned being notated incorrectly. this has now been fixed.
good if i were you, i would write their response in an answer and then self-accept especially if you can explain why imbalanced data isn't natively accounted for
good k lines per second
good in that case, apply left join only on patient specific columns, not on the room number column. i will try to update my answer based on this. and i suppose you can update you question with the data you just provided me.
good edited my original post and added the code for that function after edit. i am open to ideas on how to make this query more efficient and there are no restrictions really for what i can and can't do as long as the code works. thanks for the quick response and help!
good thanks man, it solved my problem. in equivalence i found the problem in second way. i had to do and then everything worked fine cheers.
good it should be
good i did think about that, and changed it to an upper case p. however, it didn't help as the variable in the findone query is being ignored regardless of what its set to, then returns the first doc from the mongodb database, but the the doc asked for in query. could this be a bug?
good did you read what i said? the is wrong. you are looking at the url represented by but you are not looking at where in your overall string is.
good this work very well too, thank you
good i am afraid, i do not know enough about r to actually do that. i assume i have to create two dupeslists and then sapply twice? if i understand it correctly dupevals is a list of all y values. dupeslist is then creating a list of all x values who have duplicate y values. sapply is then calling lines on all x and all duplicate y values. i just do not understand how it calculates the x values.
good similar issue. the original file was generated on google console with a service account. the json file has no web element and building the flow balks. regenerating the credentials using web rather than service account provides a structure including web and the flow built.
good per your example, what happens if , , or are ever greater than ?
good try declaring button as global var or checking if libraries for onclick are right sometimes it's the main problem
good disagree with in-band signaling problem. pascal, came out not much later than c. it used a string length. possible other languages used a string length. c survived - they did not. beta is better than vhs - but it died. had c used the better explicit length, we might be complaining about today and not the forgotten c. the null character solution worked well for the time. yes it is cumbersome today. i hope for a standard c utf string solution with a explicit use length and buffer size.
good thanks umulder! your solution works!
good is there a reason behind the need of the when using ? using can increase the query time and forces you to define a destination table, which is pretty inconvenient in some cases.
good thanks! that did the trick.
good thank you very much for feedback. i have some questions
good not really, it is great that you want to make the program, but your question should ideally be here is what i have it doesn't work how do i fix it?
good i changed the answer to use a reference with the id. but if you report exactly what you did, i can update the answer so it reflects the actual solution.
good possible duplicate of stackoverflow.comquestionsget-month-name-from-number
good i suspect that's because the op doesn't yet know the answer to the question why-is-using-a-shell-loop-to-process-text-considered-bad-practice
good yep, you don't have declaration at the top of the file. you have statements but you didn't declare that this class is in
good sorry, i'm not a php expert, you should browse stackoverflow for related questions but doesn't look like it's problem with javascript.
good ok. how do you expect your scores function to return anything if it just keeps calling itself with ?
good keiv-fly was too quick.
good try before posting for help. post the issue if you face one.
good took your code but the buttons are not dynamic, but you made them static. is there are reason?
good that's what you asked for, algorithms, no?
good possible duplicate of renaming part files in hadoop map reduce
good you should post what solved it here.
good is a div where i get the results from database
good please take some time to read the help pages, especially the sections stackoverflow.comhelpon-topic and stackoverflow.comhelpdont-ask also please read stackoverflow.comhelphow-to-ask, and learn how to create a minimal, complete, and verifiable example stackoverflow.comhelpmcve
good curious, did you get it working with cakephp? i do not have that installed.
good yes something like that! thank you!
good i've got a very large file with timesteps. somehow gnuplot detects only blocks and stops the animation after that without throwing an exception. do you have an idea what could be the problem?
good i mention that the recursion can then be used on each combination.
good it's working, but since the tabs item is containing the pages in each tab, this forces all the second child divs below in the hierarchy to have . here is a small jsfiddle to present my point jsfiddle.netmattderferfvabsqv
good can you add your logcat error please
good this is just a settergetter for a class variable.
good yeah, i'm using '.manage.py runserver' on a mac
good not too sure how i would use concat to do this? sorry i am relatively new to sql..
good sorry for the broad question. i edited it to try to clarify the actual question. hope this helps to give a better understanding as to what i am looking for.
good while i'm unsure how to determine my tfs version, it's a new install so i'd guess the latest. how can i tell? i'm new to tfs too so not sure what a tfs build is, but i believe it's a standard local build as it's the same build i always do from within vs whether using tfs or not. sorry for the imprecise response.
good could you please explain more on it vasudev
good socket or solution like firebase ?
good added the code from start and run,
good ignore this comment, it worked! thx so much!
good connectionstrings.comoracle is a good reference.
good how foolish of me, thanks! worked like a charm.
good hi i actually tried this first as well, maybe i'll check it out a bit more. thanks!
good default for sql
good maybe all the movie file blobs are not
good if you know the just insert it in your query.
good ah, i see! now it makes perfect sense. i see how q promises are synchronous. thanks for your patience. if you could post an answer with this explenation i will mark it as accepted.
good so go look at the fetched lasvegas html. you'll undoubtedly find that it doesn't contain that or class.
good you should have showntold us that. that's a terrible way to do it - that info belongs in your build system, not in individual source files.
good the name of the thing you are asking for is a modal dialog. once displayed, it pauses the gui until the user responds. there are plenty of examples on the internet of creating modal dialogs in tkinter.
good i want to check before printing to the excel spreadsheet, and replace if equals.
good i don't want that i want a route served from the domain, i.e. which would be a but what you say doesn't matter, because changing the route to would just give a symfony . since there is no appbundle route for that.
good you could calculate distances to each, see which is closest, and then use that city's location
good that error message is unrelated to the plotting command. the message is about mathematical properties of the system itself. i'll work on it later tonight.
good can't you use values and ?
good thanks again for your great answer! it seems your regex fails for the fourth and the last one however. do you see any solution? for instance i get for the last one. recall that you can have a on the left or a on the right, not necessarily both
good stackoverflow is not here to do your homework for you.
good thanks for the optimisation, but i need it to also read. array.cont. 'string will', 'string will be', . 'will be', 'will be chopped', 'will be chopped up', 'be chopped', 'be chopped up', 'chopped up' i think i've solved it. just going to test this evening and i'll update my question to include the answer. thanks!
good i can see you're having issues reading my siggestions. if you're getting an error on the copypicture line it must mean yiu didn't follow instructions to put the openpath statement after that line - not before it. if you're going to change things or not copypaste suggestions - then edit your original post and insert your amended code at the bottom with an edit statement.
good no problem, just did a replace with your code to show what it'd look like.
good i'm not sure which sql server version are you on as per your tags!!i hope works for you
good thank you very much for your awnser. so what i am trying to do basicly trying to have it return true or false is impossible?
good do the research yourself. you can read about proper ado.net handling in my blog blog.gauffin.orgado-net-the-right-way
good you only provide combinations, he also wants permutations. for each combination, which is an excellent approach btw, he will need to permute each of these.
good that wait loop only gets you so far - in the old days of the web it would have been enough, but these days there's often dynamic content which gets loaded only after the main page content has completed.
good is a string literal, not necessarily a string. true c has blurry terminology.
good you may have noticed the join is actually correctly attributed in the given sql, so the mapping does not seem to be the problem probably mapped through fluent api
good did you even read the whole question? how does zebra striping via css come close to solving the op's issue?
good it is likely that bootstrap's own has diverged enough in the years that this version no longer applies. the version linked above was for bootstrap v... it looks like the eventing in .. has changed a bit, i haven't tested against that version. also, it surely won't work in .x.
good it seems that function does some kind of aggregation and it returns multiple values combined into a comma separated list. what you want is to split back that list into indyvidual values. the question is - why don't discard that function completely and include it's implementation directly into the query ? you can save a lot of overhead, i bet that this can be even - times faster yes - times . could you append a source code of this function to the question ?
good is an ? if so, you might need to use instead of .
good yes you are right , i am using the same script for washington and that works but there is something wrong with lasvegas, i have seen the output for like times after that it showing that error.
good i looked at this example but it does not address my question. its not using a timespan, it uses a time difference not sure what the difference is between the two though. and it does not show how to keep a timespan my timeout time and compare that to a difference in timestamps. i'll check if poco allow me to compare a timedifference with a timespan.
good can you please educate me what op stands for? or i should ask a separate question in meta?
good for user defined functions and methods you can use syntactic github.comtopclaudyphp-syntactic
good sorry but i don't understand - i tried the regex in different javascript regex testers and all matched , not . last zero is not matched.
good check this file , if you see there , your server name is okay. i could use as i have added a new line there.
good nah.. i had the before but removed it since the op seems to process the file line by line.
good if you're trying to replace a based on screen size, i think what you're looking for is media queries.
good this is an answer to a year old question which was accepted back then. if you can verify that in the right attribute of the watermark component was for and not forelement i'll happily accept your edit. thanks!
good i am trying to make it so it inserts the sales data of certain salesman depending on their employee id
good can you include an example of what you want?
good not working for me! device shows a gray screen please help.i have inserted the xml code in activity.xml under framelayout
good i'm doing this for a capstone project at my work. one of the perquisites of the project is to have custom form validation and to have any errors caught by that validation rendered on the template. i was using an emailfield before this, however. also, your code didn't work. nothin appeared on the template and i inspected the html using chrome's developer tools. nothing.
good i have added the whole controller
good i want the class added to the .datepicker-title th. the reason this shows only one datepicker is due to the fact that when you click on one input box, it will only show you one. it doesn't generate them both unfortunately. only one or the other. there is a lot of other code involved in the project that i'm working on such as a cms knockout.js. another thing it mention is that i'm not using a daterange. just two separate datepickers
good so and check what field you need?
good now my question is good ?
good what does not working mean here? can you show what the concatenated query resolves to, and what data it should act upon but does not?
good u mean to say jsonencode is giving wrong output ! how can i fix jsonencode o .
good as of right now i'm working towards figuring out how i would do this but a macro is most logical with a comment. i need a comment on each cell in reference to the values of multiple cells on another worksheet. as far as i know, not possible to do with input message through data validation but might be possible with macros.
good a good starting point is writing some code. a bad start on stackoverflow is to ask for code for free. hence please try something on your own, and if you are stuck at a certain point, come back here, describe precisely what you want your code to do and what it actually does. consult also these help topics what topics can i ask about here? and how do i ask a good question?
good i tried all the answers in both link you gave but still the same problem for me
good yes, now i know is the right operator. however as i mentioned i want to solve the sparse linear system using the package eigen. so actually i want to first define a bool-valued matrix like eigen matrix m , n, bool, this bool is the bool type with the modified operator as you said. i don't know how to realise it.
good make sure the server you installed ? is running.
good you might want to delete your comment, the typo is fixed.
good use socket or solution like firebase, better way to do that things i guess..
good i have a feeling the light is connected to the operation of your webcam. have you tested that fact?
good well, for cli it'd be all in argv, so do in the script and see what arrives. php hasn't changed command line processing interfaces at all, so there's no reason for possibly a php version upgrade to break something as simple as this.
good br pagebreaktrue works also in ...
good see using servicethrottlingbehavior to control wcf service performance
good mvn was batch file. that's it. i changed the script to and now it works. if you write it as and answer, i will accept it. thanks
good for actually noting that the function must be public for xmlserializer. this is the first place i've even seen it mentioned.
good okay sir thank you very much
good false. observers are a part of the documented guides for the latest ember. they are not internal only. guides.emberjs.comv..object-modelobservers a computed property is not appropriate here as the property is never accessed therefore the computation will never occur. since this is not a property of anything, an observer makes more sense to observe the change and act upon it.
good options come to mind for me. your first option, as you mentioned is to create different factories for each user role. then in your tests use context blocks to separate out each role. so context as an admin . the other option is to assume all users are the highest level of access in your integration tests, and rely on your unit tests to validate that the permissions work. personally i would use the context blocks but i would make some executive decisions around which features actually need end to end testingie which ones are business critical.
good robobrowser won't work in this case. it doesn't support js or any other dynamic browsing features. use selenium instead.
good actually, the actual problem is quite big..the value for myurl comes from a complex javascript logic which i was able to do but got stuck at the html part, i'm primarily a serverside coder and am challenged when writing client side code..
good something like this jsfiddle.netfkpd ??
good did you try putting a delay, i think maybe this is the key to wanted behaviour.
good start basic debugging and see what the html looks like. just because it works for one page means absolutely nothing for another. it's a dynamically generated page and can be totally different with only minor changes in the url.
good thank you very much, i didn't even know serde had a working xml module. i did use serdejson before and really liked it. got a follow-up question though i am running rustnightly already, because it made working with even easier. what would i do different in this case? i am getting compilation errors with .
good are you talking about swapping the pointers or swapping the objects they point to?
good i am afraid of title, so didn't dare to read details, i think answer is no.
good the problem is that when you add something to the database you'll have to manually set the navigation properties, while this mocking will save the object as it is. i wonder is there is a way to emulate ef's behaviour about this.
good noted and corrected.
good if the sdk you are using is just passing you a pointer, you are in the clear.
good in your game you should be transitioning between scenes. the same gameviewcontroller presents both scenes. so a typical scenario might be. start on a menuscene - transition to gamescene. play game. transition from gamescene - to endscene. display scores. transition from endscene - to menuscene if game over or transition from endscene - to gamescene if play again option
good what is the difference between a jenkins paramaterised job and a parameterised jenkins ci job?
good answer edited according to the requirement. hope this helps.
good my guess is the get part of the signature was written this way to facilitate testing away from cron. the issue appears to be the two dashes in front of the f. looking at my linux manual and don't see anything on this.
good i had suspected as much. i looked at the lenovo site and cant find a driver just for the light. perhaps i can find one that does and extract what i need from it.
good arr ok makes perfect sense. where would the sorting on the first column come in? during the df creation or at the writing of the csv?
good what is the question? you should decide on the tradeoff you are ready to make between the speed and the size. you can't have both in the same time.
good perfect. that seems to be working. thank you jeffrey.
good thank you so much! i moved the application.wait to right below my do until readystate loop and it works! i never would have guessed it was because the whole page wasn't finished loading i thought thats what the do until ready state loop was for! guess it doesn't hurt to be redundant when it comes to vba.
good i tried the gcc-linaro toolchain as suggested by the manufacturer of the platform however, this worked successfully up until the make install phase - every time it failed to build all of the packages. i then downloaded the arm-linux-gnueabihf compiler and everything has just worked perfectly - not tried the packages on my target hardware yet but all seems well.
good well, no, ajax is client-side, it sends an http request to the server much like the browser does when you navigate to a web page. it then returns plain text that gets sent to the ajax callback. so. the php needs to write something to the output in the same way you send html back for a normal page.
good i tried changing varchar into nvarchar and still the same result
good nice catch the on onscrollstatechanged otherwise, a small bug is present if we swipe slowly the recyclerview. thanks!
good it worked . thanks
good am i the only one shocked by the sentence this is why c should just die and give way to java. ?
good that's invalid php anyways. you have a number of inside the string breaking the code. and you don't use regexes to mangle html. use dom instead.
good also, you can profile your code to find where it's spending most of it's time.
good this works if you are trying to eliminate the thumb highlight altogether, but what i want is to keep the thumb highlight so as to keep the design pattern true to android default, the problem is that the highlight stays in the horizontal plane, separate from the now vertical seekbar. i guess the only solution would be to create a custom thumb highlight as well and make it match the standard
good the problem seems to be the encoding, i kind of doubt ef can calculate a query with a parameter containing such symbols. try to set the encoding of your column to unicode either via connection string, fluent api or data annotation.
good that did it. add it to the answer so i can select it please.
good treeset and treemap does not use equals and hashcode methods anyway. they will be used for hashset and hashmap. for this question, they are irrelevant. look at my answer for the correct fix. the fix is in the comparator.
good the last code blockwhich is server response is invalid json so it fails to parse, client should only receive last line of provided reponse.
good consider the use of an ordinal to pick up the appropriate nth instance
good please read this to form a better question
good look at this
good thanks that worked. can you point me to somewhere i can learn more about how dependencies work in cl? i've accepted your answer.
good you're right, you need to set an height to your last paragraph and keep the floatleft
good thank you, but it's not what i'm looking for.
good try a sec wait directly after the wait for ie page to finish loading loop.
good this did not seem to work for me. the information is not being filled in for missing values in either the original or duplicate observations. thank you for the suggestions though.
good i will provide the answer below, but please ensure your assignment where you call is also accepting of a type of as well - that is not in the above snippet.
good this answer solved my problem and worked for me.i had a ms unit test project referencing another one of my assemblies and appdomain.currentdomain.getassemblies was not returning that assembly when running a test. i suspect that even though my unit tests were using code from that library the assembly may not have been showing up in getassemblies because of the way vs.net loads up a ms unit test project class library as compared to running a regular .exe application. something to keep in mind if your code uses reflection and is failing your unit tests.
good it depends on how exactly your code is structured, but my guess is that is calling a local reference to and not the exported reference which is the one that gets spied on. see this question.
good row is an array that already exists. this answer doesn't work.
good i really don't know, sorry.
good i have updated the error message.
good edit - modified searchreplace rules in step . based on information at dostips.comforumviewtopic.php?ft
good take a look here for avoiding in your macros.
good what about syntactic? github.comtopclaudyphp-syntactic
good i see. your right hope its better now
good hmm, see i have something similar in that my index.html is in the path that i gave next to . if it matters, i am using an absolute path, not a relative path. could the make a difference? mines just states localhost, which i am not too sure what it indicates.
good dont understand your question. you got n tupples id, value, and you want to find m tuples where sigmavalue x ?
good thank you for pointing this out. if i am right, ajax is server side and javascript client side. i thought if i would run a setinterval, javascript could read a variable from the ajax file and, if true, run a different function.
good did the trick. thanks
good can you update your post with whole postcontroller.php?
good building on top of warden is as low as i would recommend you to go. just search for rails authentication with warden for example pothibo.comauthentication-with-warden-devise-less, but there are so many more articles.
good yes, i want to know what is the best approach to use media queries and bem together.
good could you update your original code so i can take a look at the revisions you made? and i was just informing you keep in mind javascript and java are different. front-end developers will typically know way more js than pure java. jquery is a great library to start with and dip your toes into what you can manipulate on the client-side.
good windows . it works for other commands. looks like a specific issue.
good not sure why it is locking but parameters for a stored proc would normally appear between the createalter and as begin as a comma-separated list without declares.
good matt numberofrowsinssection just returns data.count
good rightt! didn't thought about that!! thanks guys
good wow. such an easy fix, cheers mate. tested it and worked just how i wanted even without duplicates. will accept as answer when it lets me in a couple of minutes.
good this code looks great but doesn't match op requirements. he wants the word to be highlighted in yellow if it has a capital letter first letter.
good you are right. i really do not know what i am thinking when i am coding.
good whoever put it negative mark, give me some resource otherwise keep quiet, simple question doesn't always mean other person didn't put any effort to find the solution.
good an alternative is to use a proxy product that also does the tcp interception, such as our product wingate. in that case, the interceptor can communicate the original destination to the proxy out of band.
good direct cause of the error is the last line, where you should use . use a reactive value like a function
good i know how to do it using listviews and how to migrate to recycler view. i can write a tutorial if needed, but i am running out of time tonight
good please, chain . avoid nesting callbacks
good .. maybe.. i need to recktify? rectify? whatever it is.. i need sort my self together then. but if i say hey i read x a here and read x b there.. why and i am confused.. does not sound the same as hey i read x a here and x a there, is this correct or incorrect?
good i've edited it in to give it the location of the htpasswd file, but its still when i generate a password and put in my credentials.
good this won't solve your problem but don't cast the results of an you never test the return value from your calls
good i need to return the whole data of array that is being read.
good i don't see why your private constructor has a body. it never gets called. why don't you initialize the static field?
good boost is not an mpi implementation, it's just an interface wrapper to make it fit in better with c. you want to be asking about specific mpi implementations, such as mpich, openmpi, mvapich, intel mpi, cray, ibm, sgi, etc.
good unless i'm mistaken, i didn't. auguste did, but i may have inadvertently approved his edit. it's reverted now.
good either or isn't a simplehtmldom object, and you simply assumed that you'd always find a match in the dom. never assume success when dealing with external resources. always assume failure, check for failure, and treat success as a pleasant surprise.
good use select count from users instead select g, g, g from users.. and i guess an additional dgd is there may causing the issue.
good in this case mocha chains returned promise with after was called. so chained needs another to be executed. again, q promises are synchronous, and mocha's promise returns are meant for asynchronous specs.
good the nook simple touch does not have multi-user capabilities.
good -.. still you are not clear, where actually u want to add the class. also you said two datepicker but it has only one th
good sorry to belabor the point there is no risk that i would be doing unmatched in swift, correct?
good since my suggestion worked, i will make a full post with the hope you will accept
good interesting that you are having the opposite problem that most people have. the linq query is doing a sql compare which is failing apparently, whereas the for loop is forcing the execution of the query into memory, then doing a .net comparison. usually the sql comparison is more forgiving because it is case insensitive by default.
good thank you!
good why don't you use and ? i thought you simply wanted to achieve the counting of character occurrences in the input string. - and i am suggesting doing it as i shown in my answer. did you at least try this out?
good i don't know powershell. if you have any function that i can use to convert xml to json then it would be of great help. thank you.
good you could have linked to the page on instead, but it's basically the same.
good exactly what i was looking for. i tried others but they remove the inner tags.
good thank you, i will try the link you provided.
good just want to link all icons to the same webpage
good are and both executables, or is any a batch file? for batch files, precede .
good oh, i need to amend this short answer, because the can be very short is wrong. i've now had half a cup of coffee coding, and that statement is just wrong. sorry.
good i have two tables tomorrowpatients tomorrowpatientstemp. in the morning, we have a script that populates the tomorrowpatients table. after this population, the user can specify a roomnumber for each patient. when the user does this, the roomnumber is saved in the tomorrowpatients table. during the day, more patients may be added. if we run the same procedure we already have then the table will be cleared and we will lose all the specified roomnumbers. we need to be able to run something that will simply append the data to the table if there is a new patient and do nothing if not.
good right, thank you !
good thank you, it works!
good you test the bounding boxes, if they overlap then you do the full polygon test. there's no approximation about it, the results are the same.
good from what i found on google all was sieve of eratosthenes sieve is the algorithm itself and not a structure like deque or queue. i am asking because english is not my native language so i don't know all the terms in english
good spoke too soon.it only reduced my queries because calling attendeecount in my view was broken.probably because i'm on . and withcount doesn't exist.
good easier than fixing your code would be to just use nmap nmap.org -
good if your dependencies are set up correctly, the program should compile again if any header or source file is modified.
good put the sender's email address in the body or subject
good your code seems to demonstrate that the onclicklistener is set on the button, so maybe your volley call is not working.
good i would like to display a non-editable, clickable url.
good do you intend to apply different mutate for each list?
good i'm doing this for a capstone project at my work. one of the perquisites of the project is to have custom form validation and to have any errors caught by that validation rendered on the template. i was using and emailfield before this, however.
good still not working
good this is why you don't rely on visual studio tools to add your connection string. learn how to create and enter in the string manually, so you understand the parameters, where they go, how they are used, and where they come from. the dialog is missing an entry for or , and so cannot be used to accurately create a correct connection string. connectionstrings.comoracle is a good reference.
good the jquery in your fiddle doesn't match your question's code
good have a read at stackoverflow.comhelpmcve
good so rearrange things? you can actually use the input prompt to print things how you want, i.e. will both set c as you want and also print out and wait for user to finish the question. code edited to do exactly that.
good did you find any solution, i have same issue.
good any reason to have all icons inside the same tag?
good i tried using the suggested edit with .oneclick, function . this did not work for me - and i dont seem to have multiple .qlbtns classes.
good nope, only entries exist in the emulators etchosts
good there's a chicken and egg problem. until the tls layer is set up, the client doesn't send any http request, so there's no host header until after the tls handshake. the only thing with the server name is the sni extension in the clienthello packet. if you dnat you're changing the dest ip, so unless you're tunneling via the squid using ip-ip or similar, the destination is only in the sni. and you lose the port number - youd need to dnat to a different port on squid for each different port your router was dnatting.
good what operating system are you using?
good i am a new coder. could you add comments to make it easier for me to understand the code?
good row should be a list.
good wow! thank you.
good all view objects have the same lifecycle as enclosing activity or fragment has. once activity is killed the whole view hierarchy is killed. you can persist data needed to recreate the view, it can be text, position, color, etc. but you can not persist the view itself, you will have to recreate it.
good it won't, it's only numbers but if it doesn't get a value then it returns nil
good i have updated the main method with this public static void mainstring args throws langdetectexception langdetectsample detector new langdetectsample scanner scanner new scannersystem.in system.out.printenter text string input scanner.nextline string language detector.detectinput system.out.printlanguage - but then it creates an error based on the exception.
good if you mean multiple users on multiple devices then you will need some sort of server-based database of messages and a way to present the messages for a specific user. along with security to prevent other users from spoofing and reading somebody else's messages, but that's a different topic. on a single device you should only need to care about your messages. the messages for the current user.
good in chrome at least, if you delete document.proto.createelement it reverts it back to native or absent, as applicable.
good you can use strreplace on the string received from database like
good when i click the button . it doesn't work
good a useful discussion on requesting urgencyasap in your questions, please read.
good my question is the following when i check the checkbox, the value doesnt decrease instantly. the value decreases once i enter the next character in the textbox. however i'd need it to instantly decrease the value. does that work?
good why not follow the usage instructions to use the pre-built library?
good ah that's actually a good question that i should have addressed in the original answer. i didn't think about that because i've gotten used to not being able to do subqueries in this area. see the edit i'm going to make.
good welcome to stack overflow! to make it easier for other users to help you, please include some code, preferably in the form of a minimum, complete, verifiable example. see also how to ask.
good but that's what's happening
good i'm using oracle sorry forgot to mention
good thanks, this is detail about changing to an nsorderedset is what i came here to find.
good what sort of exceptions do you? both and should work fine.
good i used media queries , but it does not center it even thought i use .comment-icon left-margin n
good will select the element having class as from dom
good how does this answer the question?
good note also that qt does not even compile unless and . this is explicitely tested code.woboq.orgqtqtbasesrccorelibglobal
good yes, from your javascript you need to recompose the sentence so that each word has a p so that you can apply the p a class
good at least show some effort and post your code
good this doesn't look like a programming question, so does not belong here. super user may be a better better, but the problem information generally needs to be in the question itself, so if you have to supply a spreadsheet for people to download, it is probably off-topic everywhere.
good yes it is populated. when i print out the testscorelist array inside the while loop everything populates as expected.
good can you provide us with an example of such an input file? oh and btw notepad is not a text file, it is an editor.
good well, measure how long it takes to download, and how long it takes to convert once it has. that should give you an idea.
good any way this can be automated? can gradle perform on it's own? and may be, but without generation?
good doesn't work stil
good did you place on top of your script when having tried ?
good yes, you'd still need to wrap this in the if logic. your original code didn't do anything to the string if there were no periods. and the blank is getting returned because -. if you want everything before the first period, use select left charindex'.',
good i cant, i need a reputation of and i am pretty new here
good wouldn't it be easier to add your comments as an input message under data validation? then your comments will appear when the cell is selected, but there is no indicator placed in the cell.
good thanks, i was able to get the cert from the website and install it into cacert, but when i try to run the program again, its asking me for the certificate again, even though its already installed.
good i think this should help stackoverflow.comquestions
good if you use models.emailfield you don't have to do any custom validation at all, it'll just work
good how would this translate to react using es classes? mixins are being deprecated soon.
good thanks for the answer! i tried reading the docs on developer.mozilla.orgen-usdocswebjavascriptreference, but didn't quite understand it. can you either explain it, or link a good and thorough tutorial of the point of it? thanks!
good hrm. attempting to just do works here, in terms of connecting. 's default anonymous login fails, as expected. if even the above fails for you i.e. no option, it suggests that your client machine can't resolve ftp.omniture.com to an ip address here it resolves to ..., or otherwise doesn't have networkrouting access to that ip address or port. that's what the connection timed out message suggests to me.
good you might want to look into something like this github.comchentsulinwebpack-target-electron-renderer basically webpack rewrites all your requires as a part of its bundling process, but it can't resolve native node and electron modules. the end of this article explains it a bit medium.com the webpack target plugin should solve this issue by ignoring requires to electron modules.
good no, you are confused. you're the one who thinks both statements have the same information.
good what happens if the text contains something like ?
good btw, i would like to know if iterating over columns and check if they are is faster than the regex. probably depending on the length of the line, number of columns..
good i see.so, how can i know who is sendind me a email?
good so i could do something like
good unrelated, but i find the every ms to be curiously close but not equal to the max frame rate of fps. are you using for that? why not use a , which is essentially a timer optimized for frame updates?
good have you specified module name for templatecache and included it as a dependency in your app?
good thanks, i do not have a problem with jquery and have added the tag but how do i tackle the complex scenario..
good sorry for the newbness, but where do i add the c.innerhtml sorteditemsi.name line? i would imagine it's at the end of the for loop, but it give a cannot apply indexing error.
good its valid but it allows which is outside the bounds of the op's requirement that it only be - regex.comrvspy
good solved this problem see the following link. stackoverflow.comquestions
good oh, yes, you are right. my bad. you'll want to use the .siblings method probably.
good solution not working
good hm, so, how can i know who is sending the email? oo
good i might be missing something, but shouldn't the aggregate of all lines added by each user subtracted by the aggregate of all lines deleted by each user over the entire commit history be equal to the current number of lines in the repo? i also really can't think of a scenario where that number can be negative a repo with more lines deleted than added over its lifetime??.
good use media queries. example screen and max-width px change your css here
good how about or ?
good please see edit to original question above.
good the th has the class. i didn't take the time to write out the entirety of the code because i'm a work, attempting to figure this out. that was being lazy on my part so i apologize. also, no. i have all of the updated components bootstrap, and the datepicker, and the classes itself.
good can you elaborate it
good my apologies, i entered the wrong div name. this div needs to go over the scrolling content div. i updated my question.
good thank you. i did not know it could be done that way!
good i've tried migrating to android studio in the past but there are legacy ocr dependencies that don't play nice with gradle. either way, as far as i know just getting the version number would be a far easier fix for me than going through the headache of trying to adapt it to android studio.
good yes, the c standard defines that const string literals that are not initializers always terminate with a byte. however this is perfectly legal, but will not terminate with a byte. as far as the standard library functions is concerned this is not a string of course. the borders of what a string is and what not are a bit blurry. imho the use of the in-band signalling byte terminator was one of the worse decisions in the c design process. sure, having to drag around the length explicitly is annoying, but it would have prevented so many security bugs.
good okay try .. this is all from memory so fix type and names yourself please
good yes that is true. the sql that i updated the question wit, returns a blank value when the same string is passed, and if the value has no periods then it throws an error.
good whitehat thank you very much. i understand your answer but i need pass like parameter the json file, for that reason i was using the ajax with url, etc.
good why are you not using models.emailfield?
good you are sending non-pod data over mpi which is not correct you mean that although sending a vectorint works, it's not correct?
good sorry, i didn't like the -like structure. -
good i don't understand. the function receives a constant reference and doesn't change the parameter. did i miss something? the is a member variable, and since is not a constant method, the method is allowed to change the variable. what are you trying to show?
good note that your function is very inefficient. check the use of append.
good what is preventing you to write a simple ?
good really really useful, thanks!
good this is not working.
good in documentation i saw you may give color attribute in series but it will change the whole color but i need customized color for line and area, didn't find anything specific thread adressing the issue!
good thank you for the answers! additional question is it possible for it to loop through the table somehow, if i can only have one result? there are several results in the table, and i'd like this query to search for them all at the time of search.
good commands on the command line don't work like that, you have to enter the exe then enter the text file path
good currently it only works for us addresses. addresses in other countries have more variants in how they are constructed and are more difficult to parse.
good thanks! thus far i have table.objects.filterid''.orderby'-date' but i am unsure how to do the group by in django.
good is not guaranteed to be null after is called. if is getting null'ed then that is a side effect of the memory manager that allocated and is freeing . some memory managers do zero out memory when freeing it or even fill it with special values like or to aid debugging, but you can't rely on that behavior in your code.
good i've tried this and the test fails, receiving an error before each hook. typeerror attempted to wrap undefined property getbydateasync as function.
good that question was asked after this question. and it didn't have the same problem. the app in my question was, in fact, completely uninstalled. the solution provided in the other answer presumably wouldn't have fixed my problem. see the first comment here stackoverflow.coma
good your code is right! this is my understanding, i do not know if it is right.so, at first, if any element wants to use a jquery method , it must become a jquery element , using ' '. second, i can not use '.list'.append'.div'.addclass'item'.htmltoadd . is it because that .div is focusing on the div that already exist in the html?
good if that's mysql, the dates are totally wrong and will not work. date math will only work on dates that are formatted with . and you cannot assign a value to a query. you only extract values from a query.
good any ideas? i lost days to solve that issue.
good see my edit. the client is receiving data.
good which cmake version are you using? which cuda, which vtk version? please post a minimal, complete, and verifiable example, so your source.cu as well the error messages you get
good if you can know the height for the items menu you can use that value to fix the height and prevent moving the h jsfiddle.nettakebyfy
good thanks so much! i would thumbs this up but i currently don't have enough rap p
good nd regex is valid in javascript.
good you'll need to reformulate your question with proper examples of what you've done, what you've tried, and the results.
good i have updated the code. can you please take a look at it again?
good yes, it can be implemented recursively.
good yes, i tested it before submitting glassfish . most of the time path-values are not supposed to include ending slashes.
good autocomplete does not use jquery dude. primeui and primeng are different in case you are confused.
good i may be wrong, but does the emulator not copy the system's ?
good updated..
good i don't think i did. are you trying the same thing? i might be able to help i have a lot more experience now then i did do.
good choose differing output names for columns that are the same. consider a to fold the variable in.
good i agree, used . right.
good there's also a string value that should be defined in the registry at , which would have the same path as the environmental variable.
good it's possible imagemagick can't find either the pdf delegate or the tiff delegate. to narrow it down, try converting pdf - png and then png - tiff - also this is a relatively common problem i think stackoverflow.comquestions
good i hope you find my answer below to have answered your original question. if it did, please mark it as the answer. here is something to grow with jsfiddle.nettwistyuwuer
good sorry i should have been more specific--it replies to the comments with the 'heres the score to last nights mets game' but doesn't output the scraped information i.e. the box score from the scores function
good i'm starting to suspect that is a . if you can also show the code that created that would be very useful.
good your sql has error 'id' shouldn't be there like that. utilize this method that way you can start from 'year' and ignore the 'id' if it's set to auto increment in your data base. look here - wschools
good what are and methods? did you wrote them? are they implemented using deferred execution?
good yes, this is the laravel collective package.
good i feel like i'm not connected to any server or something but that's just stupid
good i do, it is in the updated post.
good note that you dont need to write , a simple is enough that also applies to nested lambdas
good good points, however it looks like the direct indexing of an array is the way to go. however, the data set is too large for the memory. maybe it can be saved to files.
good good luck with it
good what is the meaning of ? what do you want to achieve?
good the fact that both are incorrect or both are correct, should not confuse the op then..
good you can ought to be able to change your default shell with .
good is there any alternate way to do this ?
good this will hide the checkbox when checked, but not the value next to it.
good you are welcome! glad to be of help to you.
good can you explain to me why you used as the variable name for both, the actual list as well as every line in your file? does it come with an efficiency boost? if not, it will only confuse beginners. that would return a list containing lists that each hold words in a line. would not make much sense, would it? tbh ops question is unclear anyways.
good as i already mentioned, run .
good also, just to think about - trac.wxwidgets.orgticket. it means gtk port does not implement the feature and gtk possibly works. no idea about osxcocoa.
good thanks for the edit. seems apt
good complex elements have treeview class which in turm have a ul element with 'treeview-menu class' which in turn has li elements which has the 'a' element with href
good brilliant and simple, thanks for the quick reply. been bugging me for a while this issue.
good finally i found a duplicate question, and they've prompted a solution. please refer to stackoverflow.comquestions
good is there any shorthand for ?
good there's this chapter from aeb's book win.tue.nlaeblinuxlklk-.html
good is the value in the database? have you tried executing a similar sql on your database and see the resultset?
good this code will not work correctly across browsers. run it in chrome on a computer in us central time and you will get the timestamp , run it in firefox and you will get . be very careful of the date object's parser.
good i don't understand, your image is in the scrolling-content div
good thanks, and yes that makes sense. in fact, given that my data is d, it should just be the the intercepts that matter. for the test data provided, the first and third intercept . and . are the correct decision boundaries, but i'm unclear on how i would know that it's those two values and to ignore the second value returned by svc.intercept. the data i'm actually working with is more complex.
good browse for more comes up with no results
good from my array, i'm doing a loop, with a split into a new variable, since the paths are all bunched up in the array. once the variables are split into individual lines, in the code, i'm doing this now this works, but again, it loops through all the thousands of folders where the file that i need to copy is coming from, and eventually does copy that one file, but is really slow in doing so as a result.
good to make this working, i need to hold the url range in a variable and replacing the text with that range. right?
good your code should work, but you'll need to wrap the matching word in a then apply the class to that.
good using your example vqal-sq. your vb code returns vqal-sq ie. everything to the left of the first period.
good it doesn't work. i think it's becaouse paragraphs doesn't have any width set. but if i set width, they doesn't wrap around image anymore.
good what is the rf replication factor of the keyspace with the table you are querying?
good see another answer here
good content inside paragraph tags is generated automatically.
good i added a third query.
good maybe you could get away with redirecting stdout
good perfect, thanks much! i think i get what's happening here.
good it's serialized by drf.
good how do you propose i proceed? i tried to re-set the adapter on onresume, doesn't work
good ok manny i will have a deeper look at it tomorrow and i'll come back to you
good this question should be migrated to the dba site of se
good sorry, i checked with our team and i was wrong about the raw data -- it is only jpeg as you have noted above. edited my answer above.
good thanks and vote up. i see there is another interpreter called miniconda, i changed to it and no issues now to run the program in pycharm. miniconda has tensorflow package installed, my confusion is what is the differences between conda and miniconda? thanks.
good yes. the next is from a for each loop i used
good once you update your php file you can upload it to gcs bucket and then ssh into your running instances in the group and copy the file to these instances. the new instances created in the group through autoscaler will have the updated file if the name and path of the file is same in startup script. these steps for updating the file can be automated in a shell script.
good shouldn't it be ?
good works just fine for me, provided obviously that the output is redirected using otherwise you will get a bad file descriptor error, but that's to be expected.
good not sure about this, as i don't know node.js -- but maybe this fits the jenkins remote access api indicates that the entity in the json request must point to an array, even if there's just one parameter to be defined. could something like this possibly fix the problem
good i got multiple projects that depend on each other. usually i do clean and build for entire work space and that usually take care of everything.
good do you require that the polling be every minutes or would it be sufficient if the first job of the day were detected with a granularity of hour?
good thanks! btw how would you call this in css to change the font?
good this question should be migrated to the dba site of se
good i think i will use for menuitemlinks and it will prevent moving the bottom elements.
good i think the outputted file may actually be in the docker image layer itself. i think this may be the case because i removed the line and replaced it with . i was able to build the image and run the container correctly, with it displaying blah blah bla..
good no way around this because you could violate referential integrity if there was a way. your design appears flawed cross transaction access to the same data is really dangerous and brittle.
good it's only roughly . it highly depends on your country mix, where you are selling your apps. go to an app pricing and view the pricing matrix to see how much you get exactly in each country, e.g. in the eu you get , us , australia etc.
good wow, very cool, that is exactly what i was looking for thanks a lot!
good this seems what i was looking for, but im new at this so i dont understand the cn.ranges, does it took the value of the cell, of the connection table?, assuming the connection made is a table imported on the sheet
good hide the implementation behind an interface. use spring boot docs.spring.iospring-bootdocscurrentreferencehtml. transactions? i thought nosql meant giving up acid?
good ok, thanks for your help
good the same image is used in the activity's image view and it is not pixelated shows up just right and can be used to set the wallpaper without quality loss but when done from a service there is quality loss
good i already posted that i passed the but no use.
good select your code and press the button in the editing toolbar or as per the tooltip, press ctrlk.
good okay, that is what i was thinking. yeah unfortunately i have to clone a repo online and utilize that, and that repo is nginx .. i looked at the link that you referred, but it looks like none of the suggestions from the correct answer applies since none of them are issues for me. thanks for the link though!
good you mean ?
good i changed the map to a foreach and just appended the dom nodes to an array. best not to use map if you don't return a amount of things for the list of iteration
good yeah. new request should be generated if they click
good this suggestion looks like it's getting me closer the caveat is when i run this in my code, it looks like it's somehow trying to search or loop through every single folder in the relative path where this file is -- of which there are thousands of folders -- instead of just getting the specific file and the specific folder it's in, ignoring everything else. i'm sure it's, obviously, still something i'm not understanding. continued in next comment
good but if i pass a string vqal-sq., then is passes a blank value. when it is supposed to pass everything to the left of the period. and if i pass a string that does not contains a period vqal-sq, then it throws a message invalid length parameter passed to the left or substring function.
good by non temporary tables , do you mean the table you are inserting into ? that is, the mytable i have used in my answer ?
good thanks usr. i can definitely do that and know how to do that. my op is really to see if i can simplify that kind of design to be more generic. since i might have things in the code that i need to synchronize i'd like to have a common lock utility that i can say hey, here's some unique code, make sure only one person runs it at a time. instead of littering the code and putting that effort on other people.
good are you starting ti with ? also removing personal info and django version we can guess the python version from your error are a must for anyone to be able to help. works perfectly form me with the latest dajngo ..
good statement reification is a specific kind of reification that is a statement about a statement, using , , and . it's often defined as a member of , hence the term statement reification. i was being clear that this kind of reification is not needed, contrary to one of the comments.
good hint use qt creator autocomplete to fill out the signal and slot macros. if it refuses, there's a problem somewhere. if it does autocompletion, you avoid potential typo bugs.
good sorry to resurrect this topic, but what is the api documentation on geoxml? i would like to know the available constructs and methods just like java api documentation, if you know what i mean.
good thank you very much for your answer! as i said in other comments it's not really homework, i'm preparing for the exam to joining a university and this was given in , but you are right i need layman's explanation. in your answer i could help but notice you had two small mistakes. the code scans more than n numbers , it scans until it finds n goodfit numbers it scans but dismisses it for example and removing factors isn't a linear process. for example would take steps in that algorithm , not . also could you give a very brief explanation on what a sieve is?
good the uiviewcontroller is a wrapper for your scenes. you can't leave a scene and go to the viewcontroller. you can however access the viewcontroller and it's functions.
good fits takes indeed a lot of cpu power, maybe i will only use mproc for the heavy work and leave the file opening outside.
good my mistake. i tied them more closely because fold expressions were primarily introduced to support concepts. it's good to see them going in separately.
good i don't have git or mvn, but if i try with , the output is fine. which os is it exactly?
good gnu parallel is amazing and initially i was using that only but i noticed that using is more time efficient.
good what have you tried so far? for your information you can remove the nested query making it more efficient by simply doing
good i'm still thinking of a simple solution but what is wrong with your code is that you have p and you want to apply a css class to a part of a p. the only way i see it at the moment is - you split your phrase in a word array - you remove from dom the p containing your sentence - you create a new p for every words with the class when needed and add it back to the dom. will test if this works.
good this should be given as it's own question, and not as an answer to another.
good but how would i invoke a particular action. should i have a factory method to get the objects? like if it is a verifyaction, how would i get the verifyaction class?
good yea that sounds a lot easier. thanks!
good use select concat 'damit ', datediff.
good i commented out the active cell and select lines and left the debug.print stroutput, and still only getting the first two keywords in the immediate window.
good not sure, if this helps you - stackoverflow.comquestions
good i added an application.waitnow timevalue in the first line below the if statement and still the same problem. do you think it should go somewhere else?
good i never thought this question would get the attention of thank you for your blog! while you're here could i ask for an office clipboard api? in all seriousness though if ms does not provide the functionality we as app developers need, are we suppose to just give up?
good discussion on marking questions as urgent, please read.
good total received xferd average speed time time time current dload upload total spent left speed ------ ------ ------ about to connect to ftp.omniture.com port trying xx.x.x.xx. ------ ------ connection timed out failed connect to ftp.omniture.com connection timed out closing connection curl failed connect to ftp.omniture.com connection timed out
good interesting fact chucknorris color produce the same red used in the canadian flag p. f.tqn.comycanadaonlinesgqnational-flag-canada-lge.jpg
good i'm not aware that php has ever converted command line arguments into get stuff. cli has always been processed via argcargv.
good thank you very much!
good thank you this helped!
good since the shape of matrix b is not ,, how will you deal with the last element of each row in matrix a? regardless, if you just want to get values for any element in an array with the structure you have provided, the following will work lista.values. but i really think you should consider using a more appropriate data structure.
good declarations don't help. put the body of and into the question please.
good why are u still using eclipse and not android studio?
good possible duplicate of stackoverflow.comquestions
good i see you updated your question with namespaces you use but do you have in postcontroller.php?
good fold expressions are not part of concepts. and they were already voted into c though they are undergoing modifications.
good yes, i searched for this error but didn't find any solution.
good no those do not need to be marked. only thing explicitly created by your app. we were also worried about preference, cookie, and cache files automatically created for each app, but those also do not need anything special to be set.
good this regex partially works, it doesn't solve sequential blank entries, for example , will be ,n,,n, should be usable if you run it twice
good you probably need some low level io drivers. there is a good chance your lightlamp is not even getting detected, let alone being recognised by the os.
good you can use wildcard validation
good thanks! i agree that ops problem would likely be solved if they fixed their dependencies, however the core of the question is actually kind of interesting if a .h file is changed, force a rebuild. this is something i don't know off-hand how to do, and would be interested in seeing someone answer. forcing a make clean before building is kind of a sledgehammer approach.
good is ok to create new div.
good thanks that was it. ., . exists two time.. in position and in position
good i have never used map lib so far. i was reading about it but i couldn't figure out how to use it, can you be more specific ? for example when i want to insert in the graph , i'll use mapint,string x , city graph-insertx
good it does not change the language level of your intellij project. please have a look to the answer i have posted. but i remember well that it is the case in eclipse. but here the question here is on intellij.
good good to hear, could you accept the answer if it works? thanks
good i would say the starting point should definitely be webworkers as the calculation is not ui related, so it should not be on the main thread, and the method takes more than .- seconds, so it shouldn't be on the ui thread for a second reason. i'm imagining chrome is killing the calc because it's on the main thread where it has heavy restrictions, whereas if it were on a background thread, chrome would be more lenient.
good yea, but it took him minutes. that's crap.
good mischel thank you! nice catch! i've edited the answer
good regardless of the clarity of the question, it is too broad. you can read what is on-topic and how to ask a good question. you are welcome to post a new question once you have tried to achieve your task.
good hard to debug as such. maybe upload your proj on github to look for
good now that you both mention it, that's probably what it is since i'm trying to put a background slideshow which also isn't working on the whole page see example website asula com. not sure how to rectify this. i might have to put the button somewhere else. thanks! -
good i need to connect and how would i do that? thanks for the help !
good i had the secondclicked and firstclicked backwards.
good did you use ?
good what happened? can you describe the issue now?
good i actually tried it with the aspect and it works however without it, it doesn't seem to copy the parent cell color scheme.
good in this vein, you may want to look at debounce functions that will wait for input to stop for you.
good you should use just color black text-color is not a css property
good mproc.cpucount mproc.cpucount , so all looks fine on that end.
good very good. thanks for replying back with the answer.
good the output of looks strange to me. show us the output of
good your question links to softcover.io, but doesn't even mention github. so, your comment is in direct contradiction with the question that you posed. i'd suggest that you make a correction and clear that up. it is crucially important that you are precise and clear about what you're doing and what you expect. since there was no code presented, and no question about programming, there's little that can be done for you here on stackoverflow. that's why others agreed that the question should be closed as off-topic.
good what's the second screenshot from? is that a custom destination?
bad you can suck it, too. plus your downvotes mean nothing to me so feel free to downvote these nuts.
bad don't call people liars here.
bad wtf. i spent like hours on this crap for nothing
bad i created a dummy account to upvote my answer because these question moderating idiots don't want to answer it but downvote it instead.
bad you really expect me to listen to someone who doesn't even know how inputoutput operands work? this is a serious question.
bad one of the edits mentions one of the bugs. please, for the love of god, stop it. this is the type of code that winds up ruining my monday mornings. please inform yourself
bad my crystal ball sees unemployment benefits in the future.
bad and this makes me sad that so many people have down-voted my question due to their half baked knowledge.
bad ben this question is off topic, please shut it down
bad please dont make the mistake of going into verbal battle against me if you're unarmed . just sayian, no offense at all.
bad didnt your moms birth the universe. kids today
bad you wouldnt understand what i am talking about then make us understand. don't bite the hand that feeds.
bad i dont think your thesis is good at all.
bad you gotta be a serious loser to down vote someone for asking a question..i could care less about my rank. just trying to get a question answered.
bad thats a silly thing to say.
bad do yourself an humanity a favor no offense
bad please be nice. rep. he is a noob
bad this guy came to down vote and that's all, he didn't provide anything but his negativity to this question.
bad which one has biggest community? maturity?
bad because someone has to clean up the garbage that people dump here.
bad you guys are dicks
bad this is awesome putting lipstick on a pig. . you don't get paid enough around here.
bad i'll do it my self if anyone not know then why r u writing comment fuck u
bad he called me stubborn. last time i saw that was an insult.
bad my eyes they burn
bad omg, this guy ! facepalm
bad i fck all of ur mothers pussy
bad im talking to layth fyi
bad wherever you got this recommendation, don't visit that website again.
bad give a man a fish.
bad thank you! feeling really angry at kendos datasource. pissing me off please give me some damn hints when the schema does not match.
bad wow. get me a rope for this mountain of code. i'm afraid i'll fall!
bad you can spell it out for him if u want i'm not interested in all that.. downvote me
bad so is like real life. many people prefer sticking to their prejudices instead of getting informed.
bad why don't you drink a coffee yourself?
bad confusing people with k rep for downvotes, just so things.
bad full of so many haters today! jeez, just trying to help a guy out
bad down down you go
bad so go learn up on basic concepts before you treat so like a tutorial site for day people on a topic.
bad i hate defacing o
bad you guys are fucking useless
bad you are obviously hitting a nerve - sign of a great question. nerds get a little too religious about their environments. blasphemy!
bad got my answer, harvey is an idiot.
bad since you have trouble searching, here you go mr. god in my world.
bad someone with k rep should know some questions aren't worth answering.
bad i hate those who start to down vote like this!! as if they were born educated and full of knowledge, rather than down voting, tell him where his problem iswhat mistake he did
bad i just said i am trying. why can't you give some respect?
bad well, the so has gone to hell a long time ago. these days people downvote if they don't know the answer. if you ask dumb questions, then you get answers and upvotes.
bad why do they teach cooking at chef schools when you can just go to a restaurant? why do people learn how to drive cars when you can just uber? why do schools teach reading when there are audiobooks?
bad for those who are wondering why the hell kebab?
bad boy? com on.haters gonna hate but this i am trying to get some help and you came here just to say what no one what's to read.
bad this community is so horrible right now.
bad you convinced me. john deserved the downvotes and i shouldn't have said anything in his defense. in fact, i should have humiliated him myself.
bad my god please stop thats decent annoying
bad i take it that the person who downvoted is just an idiot then.
bad why being such a bad person? he wants to learn, let him be. in programming there's no such thing as dumb questions imo.
bad idiot, how can you dare to complain me about the code if reformatting it will eliminate the issue? you won't spend time if issue is gone. but it won't help to explain it. i am asking those who will do it.
bad i know that idiot. read this
bad listen everyone who clicked minus, my mum has just told me you all must support iceland, shame on you all.
bad so haters gonna hate, people calm down, newbies doesn't know about anything.
bad why are you wasting your time here then. go find new post
bad no problem d. i'll delete the coment. i was just thinking, wtf is he drunk? xd..
bad for god sakes, first that's not a timer, but a fucking stopwatch. second, google it, you'll find it a zillion chance.
bad ok. hope you guys are happy for harming my rep. bye.
bad hey, watch the way you speak to me, asshole.
bad you mean the idiot before me, right? because he is the one that insulted me first.
bad very nice, you delete my comments but not his despite he is insulting me. you dont play very fair, do you?
bad mother fuckers who down vote this question. son of bitch go to hell
bad maybe he is a bad googler? lol
bad thats the msot stupidest thing i have ever heard in my life
bad i'm not that interested in earling points and commenting. i'm content with wreaking havoc in my own way and re-creating my profile when the admins get butthurt and cut me off..
bad delete this comment butthurt admins i repost it all day
bad downvoters you suck. the accepted answer with positive votes is barely an answer at all in addition to being flat out wrong.
bad why do people like u still exist?
bad it did work finnaly, i don't know what the fuck did happen earlier but, thanks! d
bad wtf, you deleted your comments,according to the rules, you are a pussy.
bad go sleep , man..
bad the person who is reporting my comment as spam is my biggest enemy
bad this deserves a big lol!
bad fuck your own cunt asshole
bad fucking intellij. just costed me a few hours.
bad go away. you're so immature. obviously i'm looking for a legitimate answer. like why it's broken and how long until it's fixed. did it ever occur to you that someone from google or galaxy.
bad when i'm listening to melancholy music and i read questions like this one i legitimately feel sad.
bad you're gonna be massively downvoted so i'd suggest you delete your answer as it has nothing to do with the question.
bad comments must be comment. don't you think your answer has no mean for op
bad thats bullshit in a form which couldn't be more clear. when you build applications beyond the proof-of-concept scope you have to think about operational advantages and i can tell you, running mongo in production is a pita.
bad go fuck yourself retard
bad notice how my retarded answer was the only one that got downvoted, cus my name is poopbagel. little experiment p
bad it's always happy hour somewhere. and this guy is there
bad you think i didn't know that command you idiot?
bad obviously i don't know how to do it if i'm here smart ass
bad shut the fuck up if your not going to help
bad note to people responding to my question it so happens that i can't magically pull an understanding of c out of my ass
bad comments must be comment. don't you think your answer has no mean for op
bad well, you again.don't you read the caption is 'post answer' not post comment you mtfck
bad he don't care what you say about he, he a mother fucking p.i.m.p.
bad i wroted it myself u cyberbullies. stop.
bad it's just one of the utterly unbelievable things about apple that they haven't fixed this. that, and the fucked-up graphics cards in mbps.
bad destroction ass!
bad sorry for the stupid website with all the adds but didnt really want to register anywhere for this
bad of coufse can code asynchoslu, but rezlize fuckon fo support
bad you need to create a question it is possible to answer.
bad did i say that i need your care?! funny. i'm tired of duplicated people like you so it is normal that you do not care and neither do i. your comments to me are nonsense, let alone your down-vote. if you have a good point to throw, you are welcome oth..
bad hey guys. wtf
bad not sure why the down vote. i know the title sucks but i couldn't be more descriptive than that could i? the rest of the post seems clear and concise.
bad gradle and studio suck so bad.. eclipse was heaven compared to all this nonsense..
bad sounds like you need to go to your boss and then them that you overrated your experiences skills when you had the interview.. good luck
bad shut the fuck up
bad what a funny kid
bad please don't encourage people who don't bother to make the slightest effort.
bad stack exchange is fill with epic douchebags.fuck stack exchange..you come in and troll and when i point it out you say..ohh you shouldn't have an attitude.fuck off if your not helping fuck off..otherwise your trolling dick head.and i thought yo.
bad fuck you and fuck stack exchange .your the rude prick who came in trolling.they need to start banning dicks like you it destroys this platform keep people like you around
bad get some friends
bad android studio overall does a lot of bullshit that cant be turned off..
bad . buy a book.
bad are you kidding me? . why? because coldfusion thinks . is a quarter of a day, and so is am. i think that a big wtf is in order here.
bad you can pretend that you're polite and i'm not, but i saw your comment that told me to shut up before you removed it.
bad to some it all up your no help please delete your post. i take a lot of offence to it
bad go to hell, years ago i was in this community it wasn't like this .
bad post as answer asshole
bad haha. dont try to rescue yourself. do you think john farkerson is a fool to help me with the precise updated code. lol grow up man
bad well, first of all i don't need lectures from you - moron.
bad i have one more question. why are all you guys such assholes?
bad , i don't asking anyone to write for me the easiest custom logic in the world. please don't jump to ridiculous conclusions.
bad did you even read the question? so points do not convert into real life money so stop making pointless edit suggestions and stop clogging my post with your useless non contributions
bad you people are really sick! you shouting out my post is duplicated. if i delete my post, you shouting out i cannot delete duplicated post.
bad lol too much aggressive people for nieve to no reason tbh. you guys need to be more mature and to say something helpful for what i asked topic or better move on and leave without repling at all instead of being so butthurt for asking for help dudes grow up cuz i am not gonna take part of ur brain for asking for bit of script cuz i am sure it won't be that of huge script. done here
bad guyes why are you down voting i'm asking a question which i dont know,if you too dont know the answer just shut the fcuk up and dont downvote .. if you know the answer reply back
bad go read a c book.
bad so many fuckheads here just voting a question without answering. thats the new stackoverflow? oh, i don't know the anwser, my life sucks, but i am an idiot so i am voting.
bad what part of the documentation don't you understand?
bad i have one more question. why are all you guys such assholes? i know i'm an idiot. but why do you guys have to always leave snobby and rude comments on all the questions that are asked by the beginners. by the way when i said c sharp i mean't to say c and things can be both relatively advanced and simple textured, haven't you ever heard of minecraft? one more thing, how do i delete my account?
bad if you do not understand the homework, perhaps you should have listened when your teacher explained it.
bad do you really think your answer might help on a year old question?
bad if you think you're being clever you aren't.
bad mexican police takes a random african animal and pour soda with chili into its nose until it admits that it's an elephant.
bad just remember that they hate you
bad i think we've reached a new low of laziness.
bad they are proud of it but sometimes it becomes pain in the ass.
bad your answer on the other hand is worthless.
bad your syntax is junk
bad don't waste your time trying to make this work it isn't worth it.
bad this is pretty fec-ked up.
bad why on earth would you want to imitate something this butt-ugly?
bad shut up sir.....
bad its called your brain. if you can't competently review code ask someone else to do it.
bad your professor's a retard. not that strange really.
bad maybe bc people like you that don't make useful feedback are the reason...
bad everyone who thinks he can wiggle around writing a real parser by applying regex instead needs his nose wiped in the shit this inevitably ends in.
bad with a reputation you might know where the python documentation is.
bad omfg what is that?
bad is this a troll?
bad look can you please stop posting such unrelated rubbish.
bad shut up............
bad wow what a terrible mess.
bad its the number of fucks will not reduce the gestation period
bad if somebody asked me that question i would want to punch them in the face. and then answer apples and oranges
bad wtf? how is this a real question?
bad have you bothered to actually look at the php docs and see how to do it or do you just want somebody to spoonfeed you the codez
bad blog post my foot.
bad wow now that is lazy... i can't believe people are actually willing to help you? s
bad you improbably thorough mfr.
bad cant believe those aholes - repped me
bad and the award goes to the asp.net team for most retarded class name...
bad witch! burn him!!
bad my eyes!!!!.............
bad don't post question for silly mistakes.
bad you're an idiot.
bad r u crazy ??i will give you - for this stupid answer.i am not asking for this.please read my question carefully...
bad nut-searing pain - couldn't have said it better.
bad try to switch on the thing between ya ears before spamming and make people waste their time.
bad can u figure out how to do this stupid crap?
bad ask all those people who you've always heard this from.
bad it was the first result on the exact title as mentioned in the comment. now it isn't. the first hit is now tragically this stupid question.
bad bloody fool people don't try to give down vote without knowing the answers.. give down vote with justification.
bad just wtf... closevote
bad thanks for time wasting.
bad this is the most useless answer i have ever read on stackoverflow.
bad maybe go wash that greasy finger.
bad this question appears to be off-topic because it's a duplicate but i can't be arsed to search for it much like the op
bad go away!!!!!!!!!
bad this is a crappy question what have you tried? is there something wrong with your code we won't know unless you show us?
bad sometimes i wanna shoot myself in the head.
bad unclear is waaaaaaaaaaay too polite. flawed or crippled would be more like it.
bad it's a shame that someone doesn't know how to use keyboard shortcuts or how to read
bad why am i getting down votes.. i'm just asking a question... dumb idiots some ppl r
bad want to - that shit-tier code style in that last comment but sadly or luckily for you stackoverflow doesn't have such a feature.
bad the person who down voted and marked as close if you're a man enough explain why you did it so we all know otherwise we all know what you're!!!
bad ........go away
bad a thoroughly pointless question. if it did come before you would be asking why it didn't come after.
bad don't worry about it. no one cares about your code
bad mormon programmers ftw
bad that's the most pathetic answer i have ever encountered in stack exchange.
bad this should be selected worst answer
bad wins this thread over the pompous jerk who told her she doesn't get it.
bad lol very mature. my not knowing the np.nanmean command must made your miserable day
bad the link seems to not present any information at all ... please do not troll if you are ...
bad i am not at all interested in your meaning less crt baby reasons. some one as you with no morals and common sense make my blood boil
bad sex -- and this is a sex symbol!
bad man enough is enough i m not telling bad i m just saying you are annoying more than a year old baby
bad the worst answer ever!
bad doesn't work......stupid solution
bad did anyone else but me facepalm after reading this answer?
bad screw you to the guy who voted down. no research effort? really? for someone new to linux getting as far as i did most certainly took a look of research effort.
bad anyone have any idea why has to be an ass about it? i came here to find the answer so it must not be that crazy to post it on so loser.
bad the only possible explanation is that you are a terrible person and regularly beat small dogs just for fun.
bad who made me downvote you're really damn idiot!!!
bad yes very annoying every time i post a question comment or reply comes much later but down voting comes first i think there are some fools who has only work of down voting
bad thats works like a cunt when you are also doing django pagination!
bad if you werent such a knob you'd have given a worthwhile answer.
bad fuck... info... i think not works... why what do you see? what is the error? do not work... how to help if you say just that?
bad i will kill you!!!
bad you black dog where is your face huh?
bad man shut up.
bad you're too sensitive to live.
bad fuck both of those things.
bad stackoverflow the correct answer is there but the prick who makes the most fun of the question no matter how incorrectly gets the most votes.
bad attempt your assignment you lazy person!
bad utter rubbish.....
bad study basics...start with wpf-mvvm
bad lol read a book
bad that wasn't the question. but it's easy enough for anyone to figure out and if they can't then perhaps they shouldn't be coding.
bad write some code. also congrats on the muppet upvote. dodgy as.
bad if you have to ask this you're not fit for the job sorry.
bad reason for the downvote coward!?
bad down vote for no explanation - i don't like magic here like orig and other similarly
bad you are the problem with the online support community.
bad since you a being a grammar nazi you should have spotted the if you doesn't
bad pure science? wtf does that mean? you think nacl doesn't come in a relationship?
bad use your mind...don't ask this type of silly question.
bad this shows remarkably little effort.
bad man this is a programming forum not trig.
bad wth? tia? this is awkward? typical ignorant american?
bad got to love people who provide the laziest permanent fix ever
bad again mind your own business and stop bothering me. if you don't want assist then stop wasting space on the site with your comments.
bad this is stupid. an implementing class should be able to choose what to expose outwards while providing internal functionality of the interface.
bad i don't see how this passed as a question back in . rtfm
bad - useless answer
bad okay this one gets my funniest post of the day.
bad and maybe taking a class on databases. or even just reading all the way through a tutorial.
bad liar! this doesn't work
bad it does help. you are just lazy to use it.
bad what the hell is this code??
bad your moms a terrible mess pal.
bad the one who downvoted me please don't be a kid. if you don't understand the question just tell me in a kind way. i don't like stupid people.
bad thank you for helping me. i am new to programming and i simply wanted an answer. now i know that this site does have a who are not very understanding individuals
bad the one who downvoted me i cannot find any word to say to you. dictionaries are not enough to describe the title for you.
bad i don't know why eitherjust did.. - best logic ever. i predict you'll have a long and successful programming career.
bad someone is in a shitty downvote mood today without explaining the reason for the downvotes.
bad seriously bro? do you even java?
bad this post is hilarious.
bad crap. idiots .
bad if you cant understand the question than get the hell out of here.
bad hahaha jsperf you fickle bitch.
bad he said he wanted simple i gave him an approach what is your dysfunction?
bad non of your business. are you english teacher?
bad it does fucking compile -.- this is not the whole fucking code listen retard.
bad thank you however if you not prepared to help keep your stupid comments to yourself.
bad no this is stupid. not even close to a generic solution. it could easily be dangerous.
bad you may want to check the stfu i aint politically correct policy. oh wait it doesn't exist since it's given by nature.
bad i dont give a shit write proper working product
bad are you trying to answer the question or be a smart ass? really i can't tell by your comment.
bad what the fuck do you think i'm doing here asshole!? research. jesus christ! why does the world have to include schmucks like you!? btw happy new year
bad fuck everyone who downvotes
bad how would providing any code here help? instead of being a code monkey how about look at what the issue is - that is what it means to be a computer scientist.
bad im also voting to fuck off my post
bad are you retarded?
bad take it to the psychiatrist.
bad yes nb to sql ! u didnt help much lol
bad people are helping you for free you ungrateful little shit.. be respectful and follow the rules and people will help you..
bad then up vote bitches
bad you two guys want to suck my dildo?
bad fuck off asshole
bad i m going to fuck your mother fucker
bad fuck off fucker sucker
bad su.. my di..
bad im gonna fu.. your mother
bad who is the imbecile who deleted all the comments to this question?
bad skip learning if you don't like it and stop wasting our time.
bad don't be a dick about it. c provides you plenty of ways of working with ostensibly unrelated objects see stdmin. my question is reasonable. this answer isn't.
bad there are a sure load of prats on this site.
bad so you want us to google search for you now as well? anything else you need? a sandwich? some coffee?
bad steam music android java guess what happens when you google that? how stupidlazy are you?
bad vote or die madafaka
bad sure we'll just whip up something so you can spam your garbage app. would you like a snack while you're waiting? something poisonous perhaps?
bad i will get it i am determinated so stop your stupid comment and just click - reputation
bad could you be any more lazy?
bad learn how to program before attempting anything as complex as a multi button gui.
bad if you don't know the answer keep your mouth shut
bad thx for the downvote smuck
bad yeah well fuck your mother you retarded autist you should kill yourself you fucking skinny ass nazi.
bad lol fuck you puppy youre an ugly nazi anyway you fucking clown nerd ass bitch.
bad lol you're probably a nazi anyway that's why you won't help a good jew like me.
bad strictly speaking i'm an ugly nazi clown nerd ass bitch who knows the answer to this question.
bad yeah you got that right you fucking nazi clown nerd ass bitch. get a life maybe the only way you know the answer to this is if you have no life.
bad screw you i already know your full name and i will not take measures to ruin your fucking life. find it in your heart to hide yourself.
bad no need to be such assholes
bad sorry change your platform is shit advice.
bad lol i tried that yesterday and still doesn't work the way i want thanks for coming out as a brick though next time maybe don't try to help someone in need a-hole
bad i want a textview inside a relataive layout or any layout read the question first before answering dumbass
bad whoa what the fuck guys all im saying is dont use a dot at the end only commas and semicolon are you guys fucking autistic?
bad yeah stupid analogy you do things better than me blah blah blah. go ahead talk with them smartass
bad fuck you son of a bitch
bad i'm not sure we can help you with mental health issues ?
bad phew. i wish sarcasm was more apparent in text format.
bad clearly he hasn't answered it by your comments below you're simply wasting people's time by being to stubborn to provide any reasonable information.
bad links
bad did you really asked this question?
bad those who care ie is fucking dumb developers. just sayin' d
bad are you sure that you understand vba properly? in the code find returns
bad id start by reading through a basic java tutorial.
bad sucks to be you.
bad fuck fuck fuck fuck
bad fuck fuck fuck fuck fukc
bad post your code.. we are not clairvoyant.
bad blah blah blah blah.
bad get the f o from here. this is not portal site.
bad stop cheating. you're not going to get that job.
bad ok who the hell are you to edit my stuff
bad all i need is this code fixed or at least some help if you're not going to get the hell off my question and go to the next one
bad if you can't help don't tell shit
bad really you can't understand the error statement?
bad if you cant help ..atleast dont piss off anyone..idiot.
bad nice copy of mine and styles
bad laziness stupidity. well aren't you just an arrogant arse.
bad too dumb long read?
bad when someone don't have answer he tried to degrade and get points.
bad stop trolling and get a job.
bad fart sound. not free
bad try not to be helpless type default.rd.xml in the google query box.
bad why are people being cunts? voting me down. i said i was a newb. tossers.thanks for the feedback.
bad oh really? it turns out i tried that and it didn't work! do you think i'd post a question on here without trying to refresh the session?
bad you need to move the whole title part to the top of the loop.. come on common sense
bad thanks for being a published asshole
bad sorry forgot to say - a jerk also
bad that's why i am asking. if you don't know the answer then be quiet.
bad yes go ahead and delete it and don't ask such questions here again.
bad top so google result filled with useful information closed by some fuckwit moderator who probably doesn't even know what xml is. go so!
bad une personne stupide essaie d'tre intelligent si je l'ai fait .
bad hell to your comment idiot.
bad hell to your zend certifications rascal
bad sorry forum nazi
bad fraction is not the same as remainder. but maybe that techno-speak is too complicated. too bad programming is a techno-thingy.
bad who the fuck downvoted?
bad finally answer that makes sense i got bored --ing every other attempt to answer this one.
bad i voted as too broad did not vote dup. not much point in bitching at the only person that is trying to help you. focus on your object design problem to get somewhere.
bad hey are you always such a pedantic c.u.nt? why don't you go f.u.ck. yourself you pseudo-intellectual elitist b.it.c.h
bad what the actual fuck can you just please help me. i tried a lot of others forums. seems this one could be my savior.
bad i fart in your general direction!
bad this is a genuinely terrible answer which you should be ashamed of giving. don't answer this kind of question again.
bad wtf vote to close. point me in the right direction.
bad professional developers hate him!
bad are you retarded or what? if the problem is not in your table you should put the fucking code where you do the insert.
bad do you know what templates are and how they are spelled? what exactly is the problem?
bad who downvoted me ?idiots
bad rtfm?
bad if you can't answer the question you're useless keep it moving. if a moderator wants to edit anything heshe can i don't have to an intelligent person will understand.
bad what in the heck does this answer have anything to do with the question?
bad well you can't tell me what to do so suck my balls
bad all the forms input always should be inside the form tag don't you know that??
bad the idiot who downvoted obviously didn't read the bold marked text rolls eyes
bad how about you stop munching curry?
bad oh! yes. don't relieve it to anybody. eat yourself.
bad that's a pretty arrogant statement don't you think. perhaps stack overflow is not the best place for you.
bad it works! there is no counter statement secondly if i put ! it doesnt do anything thus it works listen before you speak
bad step go to school and get a cs degree
bad asked the moderator to move it and got downvoted. this is some shit.
bad you're dumb don't write me anymore
bad fuck off the code works
bad although i appreciate you pointing me towards a great resource. i was hoping to actually receive a response like hey in cases like these i. so honestly. screw you.
bad what a fuckit does not listen localhostand can't access itsef by domain name.
bad thank you captain obvious! -
bad you are really an idiot. now i see you down voted my other question. get a life.
bad you don't seem to understand what the word override means. try a dictionary please read it carefully.
bad hey smart guy even so you stopped for looking and lose time answering it get a life nerd
bad please show code. the op asks for code.
bad use a bloody search engine!
bad also which muppet upvoted?
bad so you don't really understand any of this code?
bad you don't need to say that buddy. if you can't help then fish off and stop acting like you are the ceo of stack overflow lol.
bad i have not given any connection string its code first to new db deployment so by default on my pc it is creating database but on client pc not creating
bad you should read a manual first.
bad you know what else you can do? you can go c yourself. you fill in the letters and let me know if that violates something else.
bad wtf this is off topic?
bad how is it off topic wtf
bad javascript people don't give importance to archtecture subjects unfortunatelly. it's different from java people.
bad fuck you i can swear as much as i want you cunt btw thanks
bad it's very good idea to harash new people that trying to enter your world thank you a lot. i am trying to understand sth but as i see u are not supposed to help me.
bad why don't you try it instead of letting us debug your code. or better - search first
bad sorry but i have to say you have no clue what you're doing. your code is full of nonsenses. throw it and learn how to program first.
bad only ignorant people can downvote a question without any explanation in comments
bad i love how you call the bullshit american time normal.
bad done that already. i'm not here to waste time.
bad that is kind of nonsense. the user needs to authenticate silently without having to enter a username or password i guess ?
bad sorry again i fucked up badly. i corrected it again.
bad if you cannot differenciate then better dont comment
bad if you can't look at an algorithm for hour to find out what it does then you should probably quit being a programmer.
bad that is much abc worpdress i know all that already in which none can achieve my needs.
bad yes but op says it doesn't make any difference so you might wanna remove this as an answer.
bad i hear google can find all kinds of things or so i've been told
bad get a life! and don't ever answer to any questions that you don't have anything to give. you are a smartass without and only waste this web site's topis.
bad while i agree that you are still learning to post good questions why do the rest of us have to suffer?
bad you weren't sad. you deleted my email accounts and screwed over my team. go fuck yourself.
bad i think he downvote me cause i downvote him d
bad please add some more info about what you are getting. shame you got a downvote without a chance to edit it first. cheers
bad what does it doesn't work mean?! ffs you get an exception? the world ends?
bad i think you need something better to do.
bad fuck off. idiot.
bad mother fuckers like you are destroying so.
bad is your mom off topic too?
bad this is not the place to get your homework done. at least convert that text to ascii rather than posting a picture. lazy bone.
bad actually my code is perfectly formatted. two other people were able to tell what i was asking so stop bitching.
bad ill put you on hold
bad thanks i got the answer on my own. if you know employee schema you should have got my question.
bad can you give any successful code.because i don't have any idea about this.i read the documentation but is not enough for fresher
bad yep you go it.bright guy
bad oh. what stupid a question! i'm sorry to waste you time .
bad offtopic this is ridiculous. i hit submit and in less than seconds a - vote is here. you cannot even have read the whole question.
bad when you even don't know that selenium webdriver can handle the file upload then please keep silent ..
bad bullshit answer. how this even selected as answer?
bad did it take a lot of research to count the sides of the ?
bad edited. please don't make me regret answering this.
bad seriously useless morons i didn't ask for an opinion. this site has gone to the dogs f u.
bad only a stupid developer would do that.
bad perhaps you could start by learning python's base types before asking the obvious ?
bad i think is clear enough. i think i explained clearly enough what i have allready try. if you cannot help just leave.
bad dislikes wtf guys this community is slowly moving to asshole level
bad fuck this shit why i am even bothering i will write my own generator -.-
bad thats ok take your time we have nothing better to do. oh! yes we do!! moving on.
bad who gave me - is one cannot understand the question if you find yourself one of them please leave my question now!
bad please cut out your fucking fingers!
bad then fuck you guys!
bad that's how you get by on this site. yes i do. if you want to post questions your way then go to yahoo answers
bad rtfm key value
bad too lazy to read a manual better write a so question.
bad you have obviously get very confused. start again and this time check in with the manual every now and again.
bad you should find a way to inspire your boss to get you some training.
bad thanks for the downvotes kids but i just want the answer is this safe not your unlikes.
bad i am using the batch command with a file on linux from time to time. so trust me.. or stfw
bad sorry but this is pohtaytoe pohtahtoe.
bad wow people on here suck. why down vote without leaving a comment?
bad oh come on dude you cant even do your coding part?its soo simple..
bad who the hell are you to talk? an arabian terrorist? fuk off.
bad were you looking for someone to code that up for you? or were you planning to share what you've tried and how that failed?
bad google don't have the answer if it does i wouldn't ask here and i didn't ask for your help so zip it man.
bad such a community.
bad punch of noobs --
bad hooly shit brainfreeze thanks haha
bad if you didnt wanted to answer why fucking bother? this is a comment and not an answer. stop wasting people's time cunt.
bad it is a dumb pointless question and voting to close it as such.
bad utter lazy rubbish
bad why the downvote? i would be very good to know why. show your self you bast..rd! -
bad that shit don't work devil
bad can you answer the damn question?
bad dude you are lame. forget it
bad you all are fucking retards. this question has not fucking been answered. fuck you all.
bad try reading the fucking prompt. i want a way to kill the task without killing the current program that is running it. if there's not a way say it.
bad if u can't help don't interfare. get away from my post
bad are you stubborn or just stupid?
bad shut the fuck up!
bad let's have extreme sex in front of your children
bad i read i have an error. i am not going to tell you what it is. please fix my code.
bad stop arguing and answer the friking question!
bad if you had bothered to read the stack trace you would not have wasted your time typing the question.
bad a keyboard and your brain.!?
bad if you don't know just shut.
bad are you thinking your smart??
bad really you called yourself coder ??
bad thanks for your extremely polite reply its like no one would have understood what you wanted to say if you had said it in some other way. moron.
bad everybody here is a jerk. -ing is like trolling but nobody laughs.
bad now its - because a horde of nasty people have decided that anybody they don't know is a monster.
bad now its - you all are idiots
bad wtf you talking about?
bad and if u don't know how to read u would probably put weird answers !
bad poor guy asks a question and you give him an unjustified -?? to offset some prick's ego.
bad because the answer is simple your just to suborn to understand it.
bad i am very much a beginner in . programming go back to reading the books - you have no reason to be posting here
bad did you even try looking at the tutorial ?
bad didn't know this website was full of elitist dicks.
bad you show a really poor mind!
bad funny how people dislike my question without giving a reason or an answer. i swear to god i hope those guys have cancer and die.
bad of course it's not the end of the world. it's also not the end of the world if you pee on my rug but you're still a dick if you do.
bad google gives you link that leads to this site though. stupid
bad you should get some courses in an elementary school for adults
bad you just rephrased my comment. stupid. i'm looking for some solutions coz i'm new to android . so if you don't have some suggestionssolutions shut your old mouth.
bad if you've only been debugging for five or ten minutes then you definitely haven't worked long enough on this problem before asking for help.
bad then get your grubby mits off our source code ta.
bad in the same was as people can conclude you are an offensive homophobic prick.
bad well it's a log. before his changes it fucking printed nul. after i appled his changes it printed what i wanted
bad apparently it is not the documentation but your reading skills. read carefully!
bad i guess that's douchebag for as far as i know that doesn't exist.
bad yes but without everything else like method and action and inputs putting it in form tags will do fuck all
bad is less than you idiots
bad yes i am but thats gay
bad thanks for the sarcastic comment neck beard. may all your friends think your the coolest person ever.
bad you're kldding right? you're writing a computer program that relies on predicting the future? i have a bridge for sale .
bad have you heard of google?
bad fuck you you bastard hippo-crate answer it or other wise shut your fucking mouth ! you racist
bad go fuck ur self with the k i don't even bother about them
bad fuck you all. tell me the release date
bad lol are there any computing scientists on this website? qa? what a joke
bad i don't balm it because you have a very small mind your jealous or something you could eat the k at lunch time for free. am paying cheers
bad dhur bal chera giye
bad learn more java skills
bad no. spend some time thinking why people smarter than you marked the question as a duplicate instead of complaining.
bad if you want to correct me at least read what you're doing and i might be able to take you seriously.
bad why? your answer is clearly wrong. i don't think you are fit to answer questions if you do not understand even the basics of probability. go back to basics my friend.
bad is this question a part of your assignmenthomework. learn about joins
bad are you from iran ?! that's totaly not a good idea because in some cases i prefer to use the value refigh
bad just answer the question. if you don't understand it leave it. somebody else will. i saw a lots of over-exited around stack overflow.
bad fuck all who me down vote!
bad a fuck you man!
bad if you have mind then answer itdon't read my english. whatever you give or not .you proved you are moron.
bad very clever to delete your comment which prompted my reaction calling my code dreadful. good luck being suddenly moralistic i think it's going to bring you very far.
bad haha you're a joke. keep showing the whole world that you can't communicate respectfully. let's hope this question gets lots of views - you might even become famous.
bad if u can't help then what you are doing here?
bad not even remotely similar go troll somewhere else dumbass. if you don't want to be called an idiot then learn to read and not act like an idiot. try again.
bad your a bunch of cowards
bad loved your comment .. tried your nonsense suggestion.
bad is google broken today? why can't you google what a form tag does?
bad anonymous coward downvoter care to explain?
bad ahh fuck ie.
bad why'd you even take the time out of your busy schedule to write the comment.
bad go fuck yourself. no life virgin
bad you saying putty is not an ide is irrelevant go troll somewhere else. the warning is fixed now. you mad bro?
bad this is a pretty stupid thing to do. making it shorter will actually reduce its readability as seen in the answer below.
bad this op is bad thusfor we downvote and flag it. please provide what you have tried maybe some html css.
bad i did it by myself now. it tooks me min. you bunch of fucking idiots. even don't know how to develop simple code.go home
bad u sound like anus
bad who cares about the research effort if it was a direct question ? fuckin retarded community
bad if you haven't understood what string is after a couple of months i seriously would suggest you look into a different field.
bad please refer changing my major to arts
bad if you write your code in c in similar way so i have bad news for you
bad read some books and do not troll for information!
bad i swear it's like people just don't even try any more.
bad yes a monkey would find this terribly complex.
bad you can choose today to start anew and not rely on others to perform the most simple tasks for you. consider it a small step toward manhood.
bad how much .shut the fuck off
bad but not working i tried. i dont knw why people are so stupid to mark my question as duplicate. i have writen that i seen many posts but didnt get the answer
bad it's hiding so it's still open. i did not say he has to use the hide thing.. it was a suggestion. you can give a solution instead of bitching at my solution.
bad i'd leave you to complete this quote by yourself.empty barrels make the .hopefully you know this one.
bad only an idiot would expect this to compile
bad this user should be banned from so
bad go fuck yourself
bad more like year old virgin
bad your banter is about as shit as your sex life
bad your banter is as bad as your sex life
bad get back to your tool porn you ugly virgin
bad ok. that's nice. good luck with that. did you have a programming question? this site is for questions not a place to dump your to-do list.
bad calm down champion.i am a new in this area and have a lot of question.when read question in this form write my problem.you don't need being rude!
bad to whoever down voted my question it'd be nice if you left some sort of comment explaining why you down voted my question so i don't think that you're just being a dick.
bad go home man you're drunk
bad why are people downvoting my question.
bad if you have a problem then gtfo scrubs thats why forums exists you dumbfucks --
bad you're right it didn't go well due to that idiot who turned it into a chat about so rules. i'm deleting it.
bad doctor my stomache hurts. sorry we are no clairvoyants. you don't even give details.
bad i just wanted an answer to my question not a sermon . who are you anyway the question polizia?
bad and ps i dont give flying fk about downvotes d
bad guess who is the stupid one.
bad bro you have something to add here add it if not fuck off it's that simple and thanks
bad so what was that hard reading the compiler error message?
bad yay for old frts getting back into coding!
bad if you don't know the answer to this just don't answer at all. you're not helping at all
bad dude get a bloody life!
bad actually i have been trying for two hours know and thanks for being a dckhead
bad fuck off man i asked a serious question
bad this has been asked a million times to get random-no-repeats you just shuffle.
bad having these problems with azure in fucking and it doesn't help
bad use your brain and read or ask your instructor.
bad there is a way but it is almost impossible to find it because python has no documentation and the web has no search engines.
bad either normal form post page refresh or form post with ajax. no other possibility
bad my eyes hurt on seeing this code
bad i can read it maybe you should get your eyes tested
bad this is really an faked up community
bad your code invokes undefined behaviour at multiple levels. it is plain awful and useless. use inline-assembler.
bad stupidity at its best
bad maybe the problem is that pipe you're smoking in the facebook cover photo you just posted. if you lay off the weed you might be able to concentrate better.
bad keep being a total dick. you still have to look at yourself in the face every day.
bad you need to properly implement one of those algorithms. if you dont know that then you are going back to school!!
bad sorry but this answer is completely out of sync with the question i.e it's a load of rubbish -
bad cunt
bad also whoever up voted this should have their voting rights suspended.
bad let's not. i'm not interested.
bad v me anytime any place
bad stackoverflow is not here to do your code writing.
bad well gee i would think exact output and source was detailed enough i guess im not up to your standards should i post memory dumps too? that detailed enough for you?
bad how can you help others being dumb
bad would the retarded monkey that downvoted this working answer please explain why?
bad please fuck off
bad go fuck yourself idiot
bad you fucking morron!
bad you've been here long enough to know you have to show effort.
bad or something the kids theses day seem incapable of actual thought
bad c'mon now really? or is this some kind of code golf?
bad i think it is not ur business. i did not want the whole solution. i wanted the way to do it.
bad what of load of shite!
bad four star programming wow!
bad dude its a psuedocode not supposed to work unlike just talking in gibberish
bad four star programming wow! this must be really good code!
bad sigh read a book on it dude it's like something you learn in comp sci .
bad this whole qa is embarrassing and sad.
bad why do you still have the bizarre array-whatever thing there bra ? you realise that's going to sit around on the net for like years o
bad then you need to say how or just be cranky like you're right now.
bad don't bump old crappy questions unless your intent is to actually improve them adding backstory or complaining about a downvote is not improving your question.
bad don't nag me please. that's just annoying. i'm not your servant. i don't owe you anything. now i don't feel like helping you.
bad i want my post deleted indian black ass idiot
bad delete the fucking post
bad dont fucking review my post with - idiotfucker
bad and list refers to reading a list in the resultset. i don't wipe the ass of the programmer.
bad go away!
bad sorry didn't know about your stupid website roles
bad please use the mass in your head!
bad utter rubbish.
bad i fixed it so your simple mind can see through the mud.
bad so you are asking others to write the code for you? what did you try so far?
bad nice did you scribbled your gfex gf name?
bad fucking missprint ! thanks dude
bad terrible answer and terrible choice of date as an example!
bad i just took out the upvote given to you as there is an unfair downvote on my post.
bad you are a wanker fuck off
bad you have databases and you don't know much about dba work. poor you.
bad wtf? op edited the question with comment wordpress added as tags explained the error. where is the explaning?
bad poor you indeed. transfer in excel? when there are real etl tools out there?
bad isnt easier as write an question just google for bash arrary tutorial?
bad i don't know because probably he is god or devil or angel or some spooky scientist who can see the future edit.
bad very fucking user's on this site never read the question always try to down vote new comer even they leave this palate form.
bad yes you can do it. but you have to make a good question and right format.
bad rod kinda kindergarden issue
bad switch your major to the humanities. programming doesn't seem to suit you.
bad need? no want against their terms your a bottom feeder go back to the hole you came from.
bad i do hope you are doing this as a infant school project and not for a company that is actually going to offer loans.
bad your a f'in bitch
bad my problem is now soloved .funke all of you no one help me this is fucking websit
bad it is for you. stop to act as child.
bad from your general behavior not particularly this case.
bad why you chatting shit
bad i do not understand what did you expect?! or i did not need to answer at all that you click down vote button!
bad serious minus ? so you know that its not good question?so tell me the damned answer then geniouses!
bad you suck dude..
bad are you high?
bad great title - will really help others.
bad what part of google is your friend don't you understand?
bad oh please. try harder. and what part of google is your friend don't you understand?
bad and naming it like this instead of using the proper api to decide on the folder is smart because of?
bad because you sometimes need a loop in a loop. what is your problem? maybe you learn programming from a book not by looking at code?
bad what good are tutorials if you don't make the effort?
bad oh and also please format your code it's hurting my brain.
bad op didnt say that. take off you downvote please
bad this is fucking shit awesome to know that you know such important bullshits
bad backand is a horrible framework. do not waste your precious time on backand.
bad so one clarifies things how? microsoft telepathy update? moron.
bad how the hell would that work?
bad wishing it away got it big man
bad can i say a bad word because holy fuck you solved my problem wow like thank you so much! i was so close to giving up! it worked. thank you!
bad anyone with answers as this would have pressing reasons not to reveal their real name .
bad have you tried it yourself yet? if so have you encountered a problem accomplishing your goal? or do you think so is a do-your-homework-for-free site?
bad who is the coward who downvoted my question without revealing himself?
bad thanks will figure it out f u
bad i have showed what i have done now tell me and you r stay in your limits
bad please fast reply so i can complete my work
bad you have a problem counting to three.
bad someone with no idea how to do this might not be suitable to write this app.
bad the question on my mind is can you help yourself? stop wasting my time.
bad how would you be able to answer your own question if you saw it tomorrow after a heavy night of drinking? when you can answer that get back to us.
bad this website is filled with a bunch of aholes who are only great at critiquing instead of helping.
bad every day the same question
bad you can go to hell dam ass i am trying to learn not make money of a stupid question why would you think i want to take credit for this code?
bad how the hell do you know if i put effort or not. idiot
bad it must be a joke. now it's even worse.
bad hey smarties. i have java in the path. if you never encountered this error then you ain't helping me.
bad spare me your feeble attempts to think. you're on your own on this one. ps - the possessive is its. your english is as poor as your math.
bad all you asshol got me to loose points. go suck some cocks!
bad utter rubbish.
bad go go go downvoting
bad maybe you should visit a doctor - because we cannot see into your head
bad you don't seem to have any idea about anything. why would you think you can create something like this?
bad vertical alignment ! similar issue. rest was css basics
bad i get that your answer is to fuck with the client's website dom which is a bad idea.
bad and why arent you reacting on the other comments? the one with the firewall and other things?
bad and what was the ip of your android device? you cann post the full ips as millions on earth have the same. dont think its worth to keep it secret now.
bad they are usually evaluated as 'fire this programmer' or 'assign a grade of f- '.
bad unsized array? did you smoke pot before asking this question?
bad doesn't have comprehension skills.
bad this site is shit
bad what did google tell you? there are plenty of articles on how to do that.
bad you literally just copied and pasted that from my answer but i guess that's okay.
bad what have you tried so far? you wont' be able to get help until you post some code for others to evaluate. also what the hell do you mean by rankings ?
bad well i appreciate you wasting my time.
bad why are you still breathing. like seriously you're the dumbest fuck wad i know
bad shut up you stupid idiot.
bad is there a way to get a textarea to stretch to fit its content without using php or javascript? - english do you speak it?!
bad are you trolling??
bad vote down if you are gay or just stupid.
bad because you don't understand pointers apparently.
bad buddy if you're not sure and don't know the answer then comment instead of posting an answer !
bad don't fucking downvote if you don't know the answer. if you know the answer then please help.
bad why did you give minus to this post idiots. if you have a solution post it otherwise f.ck off.
bad hahahah.yeh.copy cat..!
bad proble proble yeah.
bad baby ? seriously? how about you stop munching curry? i'm a guy.
bad can you propose something reasonable instead of talking?
bad if you dont know the answer move on
bad you must have a sad life to sit here to comment on unnecessarily questions
bad to the morons who voted it down you haven't even read it in seconds that it took you to click the down arrow.
bad this is like a middle school problem please dont post this type of question again
bad cause i do shutup
bad another person who can't operate outside eclipse.
bad stop typing in your indian accent.
bad and i want a new car. trade?
bad please someone be nice and write all my code for me so i don't have to do anything. and oh yea contact me even though i didn't leave any contact information.
bad a downvote huh? cool! f you buddy!
bad what are you talking about idiot ! we have already established it is less. get a grip !
bad it's just silly.
bad he probably meant a lot instead of all could be because english isn't his first language.
bad do you have a program to analyze here dude?? then cut the crap
bad fuck you community and coding and stack!
bad he probably forgot to login with his second user
bad write good code?
bad if you have problems understanding the question please comment not answer!
bad if you cannot use a debugger ide or no you cannot develop software and you should stop trying until you have attained that necessary basic skill.
bad if you're stuck in the us with crap bandwidth just move to switzerland or sweden! mfg.
bad it should of been posted because its my last option. go take your points and fuck yourself mate.
bad if it means one less terrible question with the unityd tag then its well worth it
bad if you are going to ask for help with your homework you should atleast tell us what you have tried so far.
bad especially because it does not. seems does not read before answering.
bad i think op can speak for himself if he wants something different. mind your own business.
bad why the fuck is this marked as solved?
bad ok now you have implicitly told us via the screenshot that you are doing this on windoiws.
bad seriously disturbed people vote me down
bad why the fuck someone would close this thread as not constructive?
bad the example is supposed to be minimal don't dump your homework here for others to debug.
bad because i need to know what that logic is - so you don't know what you need to implement?
bad post code. build a fiddle. are we supposed to dig through your vague description and just guess what is happening?
bad i hope you burn in hell !
bad thank fuck i'm an atheist
bad why not i see every one ask about xss so why the fuck i can't get the answer?
bad the fk voted for superuser?
bad it is interesting who is that idiot who down-voted the question?
bad er how did you post the question? are you a bot? answer please?
bad dont put images of the error message for fck sake! copypaste it!
bad then do it right. op is not helped with 'almost working' code.
bad nothing useful in this shit
bad what the actual fuck is this?
bad then go to hell bro
bad this is . don't use file use path and files. also there is no guarantee that this will work anyway. why don't you just delete the file yourself?
bad what is a shits count? number of toilet visits?
bad yeah. 'how to access content of a folder's file in c?' as the title then blatantly writing c code is not going to go down well at all
bad my question is very specific and only about a small part of the posted code. you obviously did not read it. pull the stick out of your ass.
bad i'm really familiar with excel and this logic would be working perfectly in that. don't know why java has to be such a dick about it.
bad put more memory not into the computer but into your head if its not clear enough
bad actually it was a question from the contest held today people who appeared posted their questions. can you help solve this instead of joking around?
bad you have all in the exceptiondo you know how to read? notification is not a jsonarray but jsonobject
bad you must be kidding this answer is plain wrong.
bad can't quite understand what part did you not understand? how are you a code junkie??
bad you proclaim yourself to be a code junkie and has been on so for years yet your last few questions demonstrate no effort on your part so no sympathies from me.
bad not very helpfull . means only it does not work more or less ! a bit arrogant comments are not nice !
bad then what do you need mr.know it all?
bad it depends on what you're trying to do with your code mr. know nothing.
bad i'm getting kind of pissed off. no-one knows how to do something so everyone downvotes? go f yourselves. pricks.
bad i have to change the locale path every time i did some changes..
bad this is not learning center or we are not doing here educational projects. do your own work and if you face any problem then come here to consult by showing us your work
bad well no need to be a dick about it. people over validate all the time assuming people dont know their own name etc.
bad have fun being rejected by apple
bad obviously you didn't have anything to contribute to this for help so i'm not sure why you're still here.
bad that's the opposite of what he asked! don't people read!?!?!
bad post some quality answers
bad nobody accepts the answer if it is offtopic. i think you need to consult a good doctor.
bad can you actually answer the question or are you solely trying to dispute how relevant the question is to django?
bad i don't know.. would it work? you should try it before asking here.. that's how you learn programming.. to answer you shortly yes
bad fuck jou
bad what the silly question
bad my suggestion is read how to ask a question and get your acts together.
bad if someone could give me a golden toilet i would be very grateful.
bad actually you missed an occasion to shut up. if you not going to help you are not obligated to respond. just disappear.
bad my chief relief is you not coming to grief with this question.
bad not sure if i'm more impressed by the cheekiness of the poster or the stupidity to think that someone would answer such a question.
bad with more of them such as -v and if you are no more clever post the output to the edited question.
bad how the fck this connect to my question? really. lol
bad if you don't know the answer just say so or don't comment. don't give empty advice and mark my question duplicate you dumb cunt
bad my question is above your low iq level u don't have the neurons to solve it even after spending lifetime in coding u snitch
bad so u gathered ur fagot low iq army and reported my question . u fucking looser . you probabily suck in your real life to faggot ..
bad god why is everyone on this site such a dick ! complete waste of your time and our bandwidth .. well im fucking sorry .. sorry im trying to learn.
bad if this is illegible .. then get your eyes tested. the only waste of time and bandwidth here is your unhelpful unneeded worthless comment.
bad lol fuck you for deleting my answer bitches
bad don't cast your mallocs is something people say on stack overflow to make themselves feel superior. it's the least of your worries whether you cast it or not.
bad your problem is you don't care. you blindly copy shit from the internet.
bad nobody sees your code. perhaps what you need is a psychic. call --mypsychic for an appointment.
bad read he site rules. any maybe you should go to the basics - once you get out of school you are expected to know your stuff not cheat around.
bad seriously the shit advice you get on git is so much. thanks
bad please don't try to over smart just by giving a negative. either solve or stay away.. such a noisy and nasty thing u have done..
bad wtf is the downvote for?
bad this site is so fucked.
bad what the fuck is your problem guys? issue is pretty well documented visually and in text just didnt bother copying the longass code here.
bad english must not be disrespected too.
bad i suppose you're not populating it in your garage i mean when and how when in the lifecycle of the page.
bad goddamn. stop copying and write your own codes. did you expect to completely understand the codes of someone else if you can't even write up something similar yourself?
bad awesome. if that's the answer you needed pls tick it to keep this damn site tidy. rock on
bad the question is why the fuck you can't use this? they inject 'b' on the 'this' in regular javascript it works but on angular no way
bad dude if i haven't have found your post i would have been jerking off on this issue till i drew blood..
bad no your mom.
bad are you all nuts and hypocritical? the op wrote i want my iphone app to scale fill the screen properly on iphone. my answer is exactly an answer to the question.
bad so you can get upvotes for telling the op his question doesn't deserve answering. lots of dicks on this site.
bad .and who a those people to read that sht?
bad even that is nonsense.
bad you sir are seriously lazy and should learn to do your assignments by yourself.
bad go find some work dont waste time here
bad it does not work is a truly useless thing to say. what happens or doesn't happen? what have you done to try to diagnosefix the problem?
bad you're a fucking asshole.
bad sorry if it bothers you.solution please!
bad go back to school!
bad oh wait. p
bad come on then bruv fight me!
bad meet me market gardens! me and will bruck you up fam!
bad is this a joke question? look at the if condition!
bad i'm afraid that you need to understand stuff first.
bad would it even allow me to? and is it that hard to click two links?
bad o yea
bad you are everything wrong with this site and i'm sick of reading your drivel along with your code.
bad no! for gode sake! if i wrote standart swift file it means in a .swift file
bad how should we know? we have nothing to do with this repository you're using.
bad obviously yes. thats a dumb question
bad stfu bich answer the question or gtfo.
bad go fuck youself. idiot.
bad why are you trying to write network code when you cannot handle basic string operations and cannot debug?
bad as well as being syntactically broken
bad delete this comment now wat the fck
bad i' m asking how to parse essentially.if you won't help then go.
bad yeah i hope you email is ready for dick pics
bad . unexpected tolken .undefined .wtf?
bad is google down again?
bad i'd like a toilet made out of gold but it's just not in the cards
bad you know what. why dont you go fuck yourself and edit the question towards closing the account. fucking superfly anyway. the fuck
bad your momma is a replacement of nbsp. snap!
bad no because your implementation sucks
bad the upwork question is a shit?
bad that's also true. btw i wasn't missing this sht really. it took two months after the suspension to get back to the feud d gonna downvote randomly pretty soon
bad didn't please check the answers you say is this post an answer? you could ask for more details in comments not to post something instead
bad study a grammar book first?
bad please leave this site.
bad feel free to not reply again.
bad then your task setter doesn't have a fuckin' clue what he's doing and the best thing you can do is to find a new task setter.
bad no this is your interpretation and it is wrong. the only thing clear is that he doesn't want to code it in the action and don't you dare downvote the answer
bad i'm not gonna answer your question but here's a bunch of shit to read.
bad actually the questions is for people that know about the topic no for beginners like you man
bad try this system.out.printgoat meat
bad ik can't except this answer. stackoverflow is a fucking lier. at least tell me something i can use.
bad let us not. you've already wasted too much of my time. go think of something useful to do.
bad i couldn't give a fuck about bounties they are stupid. are you serious?
bad what are you taking about??!? read ask!
bad sorry i don't have any more time to feed the trolls.
bad i didn't downvote some asshole did. anyway thanks man i get it.
bad are you really want help or just ask a question for entertainment or time-pass?
bad warning penny boards will make you a faggot
bad fuck dykes
bad at least i dont look like jefree starr faggot
bad is a fag jackie jealous ne
bad you heard me bitch but any way i'm back th texas so wtf u talking about bitch ass nigga
bad looking like faggots?
bad i know. it was a joke, faggot.
bad i'm tired of people saying i look like my brother calling me deondre' like serious succ my ass fag asses
bad voteblue yeah. cuz million people in faggot ass newyork are chickenshit jews fuck them right? fuck bibi netanyahu. right?
bad word is you use roids, stupid hypocrite lying faggot.
bad i hate faggots like you
bad shut up nigger whore! hope u get raped by one of those animals. might change your tune.
bad fuck you nigger sheboon. hope you r strung up like all niggers should be. whitepower.
bad they used to tie both ends of a niggers legs to different horses and beat him as the horses spread until his legs break . smh
bad good night fags and fagettes that's the female version of fags like fag-ettes to make it female i hate you all.
bad i cant stand no crybaby ass nigga. if you gonna act like a bitch i will leave yo ass after i instavideo yo stupid lookin ass
bad no you're a nigger
bad i'll fuck you til you love me faggot - mike tyson
bad what's your problem? don't u know jews control niggers? read a book or two.
bad i fucking hate you niggers bruh.
bad i was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half? wtf is wrong itch me
bad huge ass, small waist okay face bitches really think they famous
bad bobby flay in this bitch
bad i'm never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys. cause i was once that female your boys put you on !!
bad where the bad bitches at? lol
bad i just can't help but to hate you. even though you never intentionally did anything to me you're still a cunt. girllogic
bad you females overlook us geeks. when i take these glasses off, i'm no longer clark kent. i go superman in that pussy. - fa
bad sunday funday hoe quotes
bad i know these bitches did not leave me, again. fuckeverybody
bad shut the fuck up ugly ass bitch nigga i stole your setup
bad emma watson slays every single harry potter movie. each film becomes her bitch.
bad you know i don't know karate bitch lol how am i just finding out about this now, this is amazing
bad i love bad bitches that my fucking problem.
bad i respect any nigga that getting money and fuckin hoes
bad bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu
bad i'm arrogant and my bitch conceited
bad can i get some soy sauce for this bitch?
bad niggas with face tats are the same ones that stole your animal crackers in elementary smh they just dont give a fuck
bad i'm not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they can't get over. nope.
bad all i ask for is love n loyalty. . nothing else. no arguing over other bitchesniggas , no he say she say , no social media bs. just love
bad should check it - he was secretly converted to islam by saddamn houssein in late 's. he often says allah akbar
bad depends how we define race? i still don't know what the fuck race means. for instance, not all brown ppl look alike.
bad lol i hate when females say all niggas alike.not tru
bad not all white people are alike some are just born fucked up.
bad i literally hate this generation. yall lame like damn. everybody all act alike it's annoying
bad wallahi i only love the muslims for the sake of allah and i hate for them what i hate for myself so i advise everyone and myself firstly
bad trump respect is wtf standing like a nazi hating america and the world he is a insult to americans a fool
bad leak isis terrorists vetted let into america - screening process not good enough! v.v
bad either you for traditional roles or you not you can't mix and match to whatever benefits you. corny ass ashy hoes
bad women a man should pay the rent and all the bills, i'm traditional men keep your body count low women you're a ashy misogynist!
bad the same thing applies to these niggas too. how you gone get mad a bitch posted a picture of yo tiny ashy ass dick?
bad you fuckin nerd
bad that's not even your skin tone and that's not even your body you ashy bitch
bad okay now if your black timbs ashy don't wear them tf, not even black them shits shadow grey
bad you ever got a nude from a girl with a ashy booty?! lmaoll
bad if you ain't for letting a chick stack all her money while u break yo back to pay the bills you . broke boi . call center worker . ashy
bad he can be such a sneaky little bastard, but bless, i heart him.
bad absolute bastard!
bad yo gotti is a rat bastard for that dm song.
bad may god damn this sick son of a bitch! what kind of sick bastard does this?!
bad i really want to know carol's maiden name, i don't like that we only know her as that bastard's name
bad fr like don't get mad now lol. i would a been field goal kicked that lil bastard idc.
bad you're a bastard.
bad see naw, y'all bitches have all these bastard ass kids and expect er nigga you fuck to take care of you and them. naww!
bad i've reached the conclusion that this is impossible to respond to. i should have staked the bastard. next best thing, then.
bad serves you right you commie bastard
bad awesome handmade free font skinny bastard! - made by - freegoodiesfordesigners download free
bad u racist bastard
bad four bastard sacks of recycling later and i've finally rid the flat of all pre-christmas cardboard boxes and shizzle. winning
bad thank you for follow and congratulations on having you two hobbies as your name. is bastard clever
bad .so don't approach me with static. i let it fly like showing kobe the basket! bastard! you can quote me on that shit!
bad it'll be online hahaha silly bastard on it
bad dearsantasorryfor not a single thing, you old, judgmental bastard
bad found your heart, you bastard.
bad right? lazy bastard.
bad look at this little bastard
bad squishy bastard
bad whatever ya bastard
bad you greedy bastard! share the goodness!
bad i figured it out eventually this lil bastard at school
bad lil strong bastard
bad ironic bastard that he is.
bad chaps my ass we can't take down a couple rogue paid militants yet rather us bend over take it by disarming peaceful humans..
bad she can bend over and grab her ankles, bill taught her well.
bad when i asked the nurse why they take more blood from blacks vs others. she was a black nurse. she gave me a you know damn why face
bad he's by far the worst of a bad bunch, but they're all fucking deranged assholes who hate women, blacks and gays. fuck them all.
bad blacks who try to act like white people are the worst
bad how about blacks parents don't want white teachers with guns around their kids. racist rapist cops are enough
bad yes white america is a lot better than muslim s arabia. blacks are way more racist than whites.
bad this white bitch prolly doesn't have one black female friend and if she does it is some weird emo black trying to tell me about blacks.
bad no, you think i'm prettier and better. that's a fucked up mentality. i think i struggle just like every one of us blacks
bad as scotus justice antoninscalia declared blacks to be mentally inferior. he must recuse himself when adjudicating black litigants. gapol
bad bullshit no justice for sandrabland the system is so fucked and how many more of our people blacks got to die or get treated so poorly
bad as much as necessary bills cost, i don't even see how people, especially blacks, can afford to put money on an inmate's books.
bad these hollywood token blacks must just do us all a favour and stfu. all they spew is contradictory statements.
bad join chat chink
bad set apart chink nigh usage underfloor electric heat devices else wall up encourager circus qnfbq
bad you a broke ass chink
bad i love chink lmfao
bad happy bday chink.
bad ben drown the chink in the kitchen sink garrison
bad whatever you think chink chink.
bad i'm probably the least racist person on the planet - donald trump just ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!
bad get a partner who won't let you quit.and ain't a bum ass person themselves
bad chink
bad once i hook up my new pc im going to be playing tons of cod online against little chinks
bad the chinks got put up on game. state paying on vouchers. they prefer section er's. if you aint on it you assed out nowadays
bad lmao be full of chinks who don't even know offside rule an only balls they wanna know bout is the knackers
bad got tired of niggas fuckin my shit up i had to come fuck wit da chinks i don't care what they do
bad how can i forget about you,ya post the chinks,eggs,chips and beans bollocks ye
bad i wonder who prince will look like more. i just know he'll have chinks eye shape.
bad good riddance fucking chinks
bad how do chinks eat rice with chopsticks?
bad why are every single one of these chinks?
bad think your brave? take a poop at chinks, then you can say your brave.
bad excellent! as you may know, schmuck is an effective, nasty schlong, while putz is an ineffective one.
bad i heard there's some awesome street art in berlin, like banksy's famous flower chucker.
bad thinkin right now bout all this rapper , all ma favorite niggas and i can asociate it with pure power and maybe life , control , invest in
bad my dad used to tell me i couldn't listen to shit like led zeppelin like yeah how u gon control the sound waves u bum bitch?
bad my fucking cousin cracks me up
bad iraqi army cracks me the fuck up lol
bad this is the harry yall said was snortin coke out people's ass cracks and shit huh
bad dungeon crawling in ff is so fun but creepy ass zombie gnomes crawl through the cracks of the wall i gtg
bad back when a hoe was a hoe,coke was a coke,and cracks what you were doing..when you were crackin jokes
bad thought dirty mackin was a joke niggas really do that?
bad so dizz has a pornstar dick and charli is gorgeous as fuck. ok guess i got the shit end of the stick.
bad movie theaters are the fucking worst
bad take a shower dirty whore lmao
bad why is twitter culture so gay
bad some of y'all hoes disgust me
bad people who maintain healthy eating living at christmas disgust me. it's the festive season for fuck sake get a few mince pies in ya gob
bad i'm finally to the point where you actually disgust me.
bad i don't trust dykes
bad i disagree, i think you do and who cares if some bull dykes get pissed lol
bad hillary so should we avoid the word dyke? or can schlongs offend dykes? please, more straw men.hillary is a liar.moving on.
bad let's just say dykes because it goes both ways.
bad exploitation humor featuring a group of psychotic lesbians. mustread books indieauthors novella
bad deadass going to square with those bull dykes at game stop for selling me a broken xbox one
bad why cant dykes stop having periods
bad no baby dykes on my tl shall prosper - dev-elations
bad most dykes hair be so nice
bad lol fat dykes
bad dykes-lesbianswant to meet girls who like girls near you?.
bad old school dykes just wanna be niggas who wear basketball shorts as boxers. dass all
bad pblanchf,asians looking for serious dating. dykes bop deployable democratizes bitchy jan. who's jan?
bad they said she been hanging around dykes lately and joseline did eat it so i'm not surprised if it's true
bad some y'all dykes out there way to conceited for no damn reason hahha
bad dykes-lesbianswant to meet girls who like girls near you?.
bad new school dykes
bad lmfao i don't get how dykes call other dykes baby dykes when all y'all look like little boys
bad there was only three crews you could rock with back then .. heartbreakers , fgc, or whitetee .. that's it.. all the other dykes was washed
bad you're right however, when two dykes adopt a black kid and call it moon. that's a complex waiting to happen.
bad but the baby dykes was kicking it tho
bad im still not sure if i'm supposed to call fags mam and dykes sir
bad all the dykes taking construction jobs from niggas
bad its almost all these dykes gettin fucked
bad i'm literally starving but i can't eat until my fucking orthodontist appointment ends which is gonna take at least another half an hour help
bad lil faggot
bad i like the whole if you any commonplace action you're a faggot tweets
bad these faggot ass niggas really think they a female
bad let's get that number to pd's next year! oh, almost forgot, fuck off faggot!!
bad id scam you too you're a fucking faggot
bad yes, i miss a virtual helmet being the best helmet in a virtual fantasy world u fucking retarded ape faggot autist
bad my faggot ass manager showed his colors again today son
bad you don't like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot
bad stop taking a shit faggot
bad lol suck my motherfucking dick, faggot
bad are you gonna call my mommy on me?.fuckin' faggot.
bad sh faggot
bad maho faggot
bad they don't u faggot, they aren't even together anymore
bad if im a faggot spell it right cause i got way more than g's
bad alex howdy! emo stranger fuck you faggot!!wanna go outside?! alex .what
bad you're a fucking faggot
bad i'm a faggot tho. lmfao
bad faggot lol
bad twistvh - great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily
bad fuck yiu faggot theyre ouctures she fooled us all
bad wow faggot.
bad if u didn't watch gavin stacey ur a faggot
bad ikr what a fucking faggot
bad it's faggot though right?
bad my faggot boss is making me work tomorrow
bad at your own stupidity?
bad go back to bed faggot
bad if you put your socks on before your draws u also a faggot
bad i wanna pay and be sissy faggot for you goddess please
bad i ain't photogenic, i ain't no faggot
bad what a faggot. kys
bad cold nobody cares, what you have to say. because when you're a faggot, your opinion is gay.
bad shut up you fucking faggot.
bad faggot go hang yourself with a tree xx
bad pussy faggot
bad faggot
bad u a faggot if u photogenic
bad wtf faggot
bad he said you tried to bribe him to go first quit trying to scam faggot your bad at it
bad you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries
bad what're you a faggot
bad black ops kids are such faggots im so done
bad these fucking faggots are awful! lololol
bad running with lfg faggots who think they know everything
bad the turks were always a bunch of two timing twats. faggots with small balls.
bad probably the easiest way to get blocked on here, faggots
bad rs is for faggots
bad canada is full of faggots like you
bad mw is full of fuckign retarded noobtubing faggots retards spraying the barrett i cba playing
bad shit filed with hackers and a bunch of oma danger close noob tubing faggots
bad niggas faggots, bitches maggots, riding fast thought it was tragic
bad next generation cuckservatives will speak reverently of trump the way they do of reagan today. reagan would have hated you faggots.
bad faggots folow i dont owe any of you shit if we arent mutuals
bad people are faggots. dont give them attention it defeats them more than a roast does.
bad faggots who ain't come out the closet yet be like.
bad decent governor protect his state from evil faggots any way he can
bad i'll sort the faggots out
bad faggots
bad bunch of slack jawed faggots around here!
bad i've seen you two bench so don't pipe up faggots
bad heres the best kimoji faggots
bad a meth lab for faggots
bad faggots?
bad these faggots look like they ate out smurfs
bad whats that site thats like a safe space for faggots
bad you guys are faggots and have no life's and u should just quit in life cause you can do anything so u hack
bad i thrive off winding up faggots and feminists on twitter
bad give me my money you fucking faggots
bad thanks to the crowd fire app i just unfollowed a whole bunch of ppl who didn't follow me back. fucking faggots
bad fellow faggots away from fam
bad i love your originality faggots
bad fuckin faggots lmao
bad these punk ass lil faggots never fail to surprise me when they magically grow a pair of balls n talk reckless over the feed.
bad fuck, i hope this pic was photoshopped because it wasn't these faggots are not going to hell.
bad who says this type of shit? only faggots. poor anna
bad faggots are gay
bad its a fukin joke. cesc such a piece of shit. fukin faggots supporting him. sagna top player we had last years
bad no. i just don't like faggots.
bad i am superior u r all edgy faggots ur an fgt
bad pink cause youre all faggots
bad has been one hell of a ride, but i'm glad i got these faggots in my corner at all times. i love y'all.
bad traps are faggots must die!
bad most awkward sexting i've ever seen you absolute faggots
bad women that support and enable antichrist politicians, parties, faggots, femcunts, etc. deserve bathroom bills cursecanada!
bad u guys are still being faggots huh
bad likes bad bitches cuz they like bad bitches too likes hood faggots with a bad attitude
bad most of you are circle jerking faggots tbh.
bad yall cant even spell go and you expect us to believe you can do that ha fags
bad no goofies , no fashion fags
bad we had a blast being fags
bad i don't like fags or weed so
bad so are we talking third party trolls who want attention or agg fags who want attention?
bad yall fags hot wings all day
bad some fags
bad can u fags just come play s we need
bad its no even that ruin the reputation of anime what reputation? of weeb fags speaking in broken jap and dressing as naruto?
bad smoked aboot . fags the nigjt
bad isis, a bunch of girlie ladyboi homo polesmoking fags
bad nlnb some fags
bad since when did a deck of fags reduce to ?! robbing twats
bad why are u fags involving me and randi in this stfu i feel bad for us
bad fags
bad nlmb some fags
bad it's sad to think that some lowtier fags go to lans like like tf
bad smh friends with a bunch of fags
bad their still those same fags from melbourne
bad what's with basketball players wearing yoga pants under their shorts? fags
bad he ain't good huh? fucking fatherless fags
bad u come out now fags
bad you fags and sissies can call me on niteflirt so i can drain that bank of yours. moneypig fagcash master sir
bad goodnight fags
bad right. and when you guys did it it to other fags on twitter it was ayy-ok right lmao hypocrisy
bad your article was good bro. props. i hate those fags. you're still stupid tho hahaha
bad this is literally what i'll be doing until i leave cause like no car and my friends are fags lol
bad fags was kissin
bad shaynes one of those fags who like harry faggot potter as a kid you like like that nigga too
bad was i the only one uncomfortable with how miss philippines boobs were flopping all over the stage or
bad enjoy august's first week sales as well, may i throw in how bad trey's last shit is flopping or should i stop?
bad holy shit i thought i was flopping
bad this so forced and nasty. hate niggas like this.
bad why didn't you wash the dishes today? you were home all day because i didn't fucking eat today and i was forced to stay home ?
bad i think israel meaning all of us, are sick to put up with any of them. they should be forced into exile. or killed
bad kevin gates lyricism as a trap rapper gets overlooked by y'all because he eat the booty and fuck his cousin from time to time
bad i am not a racist, i just don't approve of a homo, treasonous, fucktard embarrassing america
bad yoichi would platonically suck yuu's dick. no homo my dude, just a brojob, bro.
bad i see you u homo
bad i gave it three thumbs up as well but i didn't need to grow a third because i already have a third. get it. ps no homo.
bad ikr saying no offense doesn't change the meaning at all, kind of like saying no homo, that doesn't make any less gay
bad who can i talk to about my feelings. no homo.
bad ben please love me, but no homo masculinitysofragile
bad if a nigga still saying no homo then i'm a think he gay
bad lmao niggas trying on outfits in the middle of the store on the strength of no homo?
bad are you implying that we were never real homotm
bad ah i see i thought you meant fea yas the next game has homo relationships and i'm still screaming me big fan too
bad fuckin homo fags
bad i heard the next one you can be actual homo my roommate is big fan
bad homo, drugs, pain
bad sparky mixing up home and homo
bad homo moans
bad i love and respect you no homo but for christmas go talk to the gym girl actually when you can see her again go talk to her
bad when ur no homo bro has ur back
bad you forgot to say no homo so this is really gay.
bad i stabbed a homo because i'm a pimp
bad bro yes homo
bad yeah real shit , homo mingling with heterosexual man.. i just ain't cool wit seeing a grown man dress like a woman like wtf fagg
bad i got u ma nigga all homo kuz
bad if you ain't in favour of boots on the ground you hate america, hate israel and are unpatriotic. oh, and most likely a communist.
bad there was an underlying pressure that if i didn't participate i was some how homo and i felt they were homos for wanting this.
bad kill they saying odell homo , lmao
bad paul nye the science homo. youretheworst
bad ryan giggs ain't ready yet. if zinedine zidane ain't ready, then giggsy should just hold his fucking horses
bad everyones a fucking hypocrite
bad i avoid royal pr, didn't watch it. if so, what a fucking hypocrite! unfollowed
bad you are such a fucking hypocrite!
bad tell that to your inbred redneck farmers, i don't live anywhere near goats. they do.
bad ur inbred
bad i'm sorry but if you slam your cars you are a fucking retarded inbred dumbass. stoptheslamming
bad proof you inbred fuck
bad hey you ignorant inbred cousin cock suckers this women never said this-you're jacking each other's dicks!
bad fuck up ya inbred
bad inbred cruel arsehole.
bad that guy was a fucking inbred
bad i'll kill his inbred ass
bad lol im far from inbred you cunt
bad fucking repost the video you fucking inbred cunts i didn't see it this is so homophobic
bad genoa city. you'll never a larger place filled with inbred rich kids
bad tell him he's gotta be inbred if he doesn't think j no is the truth. are the statistics and tape not enough evidence??
bad inbred idiots missed the evolution any lady here on twitter who will have a realition with on her own free will?
bad u prob dont own a passport let alone have the right to comment on shit u know nothing of u inbred pos
bad and can't exactly hear sarcasm, or know if it's a joke from text you inbred, do you live in alabama or some shit lol.
bad as well as one of the most fucking retarded languages. please kill yourself you inbred fuck.
bad what's wrong with aids prevention, you inbred halfwits
bad i literally call a bitch sick once and i got inbred bitches on my dick oh my god
bad jew scum murdered my grandfather's employer, czar nicholas and his entire family .. should i love jews now? fuck the jews
bad no just stop you jew
bad what type of friend forces you to fuck someone ? smh where y'all bitches morals at?
bad alex is the black jew. penny pinching rich african bitch
bad early night for me spoil me while i'm away also rt follow i need more ..slaves sissy losers chastity sluts findom femdom sph paypigs
bad what a bunch of fucking losers
bad are we gonna wear name tags? outside of giant jer dont know what the fuck you losers look like
bad fuck u niggas y'all thought j was being srs bout my main chicks name , losers
bad i hate all you guys
bad poor fucking mikey, right??
bad and answer ur dms loser
bad aay nigger
bad i mind getting slagged when i was a wee guy for liking nigger music. same cunts are aw slebberin' er drake and his like now.
bad damn liar.look at any inner city school and see you are a fucking idiot or just a nigger pushing liar.
bad you a corny ass nigger mane
bad white people will say nigger behind your back but never to your face.
bad nowplaying spend my money by akil nadir, the anti nigger a humble ardor mixtape .
bad nigger juice preview type of thing already gone.
bad you go to the market and buy your sex? like agege bread? nigger!
bad black patron just called black cashier a stupid nigger. but obviously i'm the racist. somehow.
bad i never understood why people were obsessed with the o.j. simpson murders. he's a nigger who killed people. that's not a rare situation.
bad nigger no rsmb
bad calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth
bad ew fuck drake softest nigger alive
bad follow back nigger
bad what did i say lil nigger
bad so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child.
bad after you drink water you gotta buy that rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger
bad you're a nigger for this.
bad am i a nigger bc i actually think i like this jumpman song
bad or they want black women to let them call them nigger bitches while hitting it from the back..just what i heard tho
bad nigger mother fucker
bad hey fuck you and your field nigger inferiority complex
bad you don't do shit on anything you're harmless you stay harmless you pathetic nigger
bad this is why you're the realest nigger
bad send for u shitty
bad watch me crank that nigger boi, and moon man that hoe.
bad geechi sin called me a nigger lol
bad my first. nigger. what's up whitey!
bad cause you're cool and i think it was a sand nigger
bad how long can i surf liveleak without seeing the word nigger
bad u smoking dick ma nigger
bad i'm still static boot me nigger
bad why are they dropping nigger in a tweet like that's calm, can someone explain?
bad nigger is eating those cakes
bad so at in this video, the racist girl decides to say come on lil nigger.
bad have a very very white nigger trash chritmas. happy holidays. and i really mean it truly. by . aka thepeasants of ottawa aka kim reasbeck
bad my nigger
bad bout to go ham on a nigger if skype keep fucking up
bad i will take a look, from the one and only in all of canada. mr. white nigger trash of ottawa ontario.
bad i say nigger.
bad lmao right! shock of my life. light skinned nigger with beautiful brown eyes.totally not utata madiba.
bad jews don't eat gmo, but they make it. here's how you can easily avoid gmo. voat niggers
bad probably because they're niggers.
bad all you niggers stalking my twitter. hop off. niggas tryna catch the hands
bad over of violent crime.niggers and spics.true story!
bad no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel
bad . john thinks protestors are 'thugs' code for niggers. is this ok?
bad isn't it hilarious, that the niggers have the audacity to claim white people have no culture?
bad fuck yall niggers
bad are we expecting lots of niggers?
bad 'two white niggers' uh?
bad one cummie two cummie three cummie four how many niggers are in my store
bad niggers are not allowed
bad niggers can say im a gangster and a thug and there peers will still respect them. white folks cant do that cause more is expected from us.
bad niggers
bad all niggers beware
bad fuck niggers
bad wow really?. did you really just say niggers
bad the niggers in love one?
bad i read that normally till it got to the niggers part, i read that in a texas accent. your a racist for that theory
bad actions, not data. i'll have them niggers voting democratic for the next years - lbj. if ura democrat, i feel sorry u
bad i hate niggers! fuck mexicans!!
bad . niggers are delusional monkeys gobacktoafrica
bad i shouldn't have to define niggers for u racists fucks
bad good job for being niggers in a society amongst a society of black presidents
bad i hate niggers i hate traitors i hate traitor niggers in space -tonfa moonman trooper,
bad told them niggers they done turn me to the old me
bad sandra bland is the casualty of weak niggers who think i'm too outspoken who would rather keep their few non.
bad i don't like niggers in my mentions get out
bad niggers look. i want to study law. i need this. it's a bird, and an attorney.
bad holy shit that's a niggers hand
bad sense niggers dodge me like durango
bad mines niggers
bad boy they sleeping on you niggers about wake up
bad it's just as great when my grandmother chimes in too. oh alana why do you date niggers when there's plenty of white men out there
bad big cunt you pal unit
bad calling me a messy bitch when you don't know me and you look like napoleon dynamite
bad a shit ton pal
bad for now, stick to a circle. and sans wouldnt call pal for help from being bit, he would probably not care or go ape shit
bad you're all acting lit your best pal has mugged you right off, when in reality its fuck all like that
bad i stole them nights from her at her dads yard that's it. you queers want your cams night out paying for wannabe
bad no it depends on keeping the niggers and ragheads out. putting queers back in the closet, and destroying all jews nor in israel
bad droids are the queers of the galaxy.
bad half these wenger out dickheads are just queers for pep's v-necks .. imo
bad some guys are such queers that it actually hurts me every time i hear them talk
bad tufts queers don't know anything about boston, huh?
bad i love being forced into a coowned twitter account about fave queers that i'll have to remember to keep up thanks
bad turn it back on u queers
bad so if fan service in films is 'in' can we get some love for fandom that queers and race and gender bends mainstream narratives please?
bad so because women do bad things too, women don't need space away from men? queers mras team up. again.
bad christmas is for queers.
bad it either goes both ways or it doesn't. either you're a free speech absolutionist or you're not. shut up you queers is not a position
bad queers of a feather flock together .
bad queers
bad like pls stop tweeting him and sending the t cast crap. they have queers and poc and no triangles. don't ruin it.
bad i never wanted to be an activist. i just wanted to live without being insulted by straights queers on a daily basis. i just wanna be me.
bad there is no shortage of queers
bad maybe there will be visible queers in space? starwarstheforceawakens
bad queers, niggas and slutwifewhores unite for trump! end pc! trump trump makeamericagreatagain
bad all the words! for spain! . i mean queers. sorry, columbus'd that one a bit.
bad fuck those queers it's all about the vampires
bad also read some fun facts about gypsies and queers.
bad mosh is for queers
bad watch out for your corn hole. a lot of serious queers in nashville. you know what to do with the pinky
bad her old man he don't like blacks or queers yet he's proud he beat the nazis? how queer
bad morning queers
bad her old man, he don't like blacks or queers. yet he's proud we beat the nazis. how queer
bad she bashes queers and apoligizes for sexual harassment and rape as an fitzgibbonmedia trainee
bad hyporcrits who bash queers but pretend to be about lgbt if it pisses the gop off. rape culture fans etc
bad i think history has proven me correct about another lower class black who hates queers. a nigger.
bad li is the shit bags . fi are the fighting queers.
bad queers
bad yeah lol anime is for queers.. heh heh amirite?
bad where are all the cool jhb queers? please come visit and i. we're really nice black label loving humans.
bad the revenant ain't for women, pussies, queers, or the french! - movie reviewers, the fiercest breed of men on earth.
bad nice one! or are we now blaming queers for looking too gay?
bad my info was put out a long time ago. uzbek is just a bigoted bully. she attacks queers
bad tbt seguin saying nothing but steers and queers in texas, and i ain't no steer. oh boy. gold
bad one month back in dallas i've been absorbed into a crew of rad queers bc life is magic cc
bad fda lifts blood donation ban on queers if they've been abstinent for a year. so basically, the ban stays in place. well played fda.
bad i need to find his steers and queers tweet
bad ill ride my boat to wherever u r in the ocean and whack that ass w my oar
bad what? that he wants to rebuild the military and help the vets? otherwise, wtf r u talking about?
bad stop sending emails to me ho smh
bad no, i mean radical as in not shit.
bad if i seen that shit i would have boycotted prom
bad lmfao so did everyone's grades shit on mine this semester? awesome. radical. epic. splendiferous. euphoric.
bad kids be traded for sex being raped married off to men with no say etc etc is wild as too
bad what do you get when you see bill cosby in double-vision? raped.
bad kane raped george lucas
bad tell that to a person who got raped, you insensitive asshole.
bad everyone thought this girl was lying about being raped u.
bad i hope you get raped in jail
bad she was raped by her brother and got pregnant at . afte.
bad boy, , raped his sleeping mother
bad a law that was almost passed allowing women to be raped . but instead feminist believe that all men should die because ..
bad how old are you? why are you fighting with year olds and joking about someone getting raped, pathetic bitch.
bad so what you get me for christmas nothing, fuck you, eat a dick, santa raped mommy
bad watch the scene matt drudge thought was leonardo dicaprio being raped by a bear
bad it matters more about her, because she was fucking raped then now fucked again by the man you call a husband, then you-
bad rape in the name of religion.. when god gets the butt hole drill team. unit after ya'll asses.. going to become born again saints.
bad i know more than you because i am not constricted hypnotized and ruled by a stupid religion and an imaginary god
bad my nigga in the essence of boring. i've stayed in bed and watched a hour video on a guy debating religion
bad you know im on some balla shit im true to my religion
bad how tf am i supposed to get the sand out of the cut dkajsgsw
bad jar jar she's hot, yes? anakin first girl i've seen that wasn't a sand beggar padme lol little man tryna get his pee pee wet
bad and all these elephants are slaughtered for a chinese market. these people are fucking savages.
bad government offers anti-rape classes instead of throwing the savages out. typical liberal non-thinking. go norway!
bad girls are fucking savages
bad a lot of pressure when your lady pays the bills bruh. got to eat ass just to keep the savages away from your door. stressful
bad hold on to genuine females. cuz deez bitches r savages nowadays man
bad hh it's one of the british slang term dick in erection
bad greg says trumps yiddish slang sexism not presidential wild bill clinton raped monica cigarsex in oral office!
bad but its ok to slaughter them in halal practise? where to u pinkoes get off on selective condemnation?
bad i hate the shieva with a burning passion
bad i want to slaughter this pos. i won't, but i want to. he should be charged with animalcruelty and in jail.
bad goddess cocony sit on her sublime m while a slave kiss divine bmw pedals and her imperial feet
bad but what will not happen is i will not slave and overwork myself to give someone to accepts hand-outs for a living my shit.
bad shut up you dirty spic.
bad people throw around the word nigga but you're going to get mad when someone else says spic , fuckoutmyface
bad english..crap..says bones no shape crazy with spic
bad alright spic ur dead
bad fuck u spic
bad spic blocking drive.. have a spic.gross high hip bone playing with. clit.stroking penis never been arrested
bad no hablo whatever the fuck ur saying spic - old lady at italian food market
bad i've been called spiccause i'm hispanic, i've been called nigger lover cause my cousins are black. what makes us different from y'all?
bad i'm probably the least racist person on the planet - donald trump just ask any nigger, spic, chink, dego or rag head. they love me!
bad lol are you fuken kidding me? this spic doesn't know what sport he's coaching lololololololololololololololololololololololol
bad talk to me like shit i'll leave in the middle of the job and you can finish it yourself you fuckin spic
bad my hispanic mother called me a spic, i'm not really sure how she thought that was going to insult me.
bad might want to learn a little history about this church. i lived it. friend on sunday nigger and spic on monday!
bad i didn't think what i did was right you dumb spic kill yourself
bad hahahahahahahaha cut my grass spic i can't take the ignorance i'm just gonna be racist take ur family back to mexico
bad hi you spic spanish
bad fucking spic. go back to mcdonalds.
bad im that spic in your life..
bad can't tell if you're a nig, muslim or a spic. you're the trifecta of shitskins and a washed up has been rapper
bad kys you queer fuck, dumb spic looking tom brady cock sucker
bad i shld just to and th and holla at tyrone at that one dealership. f y'all spic boys!!
bad pbs? you are dense. even for a spic, dense as fuck
bad kill yourself you stupid spic. those dudes should have knocked your ass out.
bad faze chubleigh is a spic
bad spic santa is coming down your chimney with a machete.
bad the bastard that done this should be fucking strung up.
bad felt like a champ when i killed my first wild hog. strung that mfer up and bled his ass lol.
bad naughty mr wilkinson, id get strung up for that, its wrapped, ribboned sealed with a kiss or my balls on the line
bad imissedthepartwhere my legs were supposed to be wrapped up like cooked seaweed strung around a coke dealer's face to ride the ferris wheel.
bad 'put a bullet in charles's head' ginger extremist's plot to kill prince and sons via
bad frank is a twitter terrorist. gotta get him outta here
bad so ur name is also khan and i'm sure ur a terrorist
bad i see you're being a terrorist
bad and for you every brit who is also muslim is a terrorist?
bad criminal reagan made a savage terrorist war hundreds of thousands of torturedmutilated corpses --
bad wealthy arabs spend for women and terrorist not syrian refugees
bad criminal reagan made a savage terrorist war hundreds of thousands of torturedmutilated corpses --
bad dumbass muzzrat terrorists wearing green in winter snow.
bad hahaha. not firsg time you terrorists asshole! everyday, hundrets of lie from you.siktir
bad you take your bae on a date to club where they gotta tie up your durag for entry fuck man kodksnsiaalzbx
bad i've been looking for some of that old toms because that shit is bomb but im down
bad i liked a video i throw in the fking towel!! super mario maker
bad the fucking elotero is outside and im in a towel alv
bad yo girl sumn' like a wallet, we use that shit then it's done with
bad my mom just called me a wetback
bad thats why ion let females do my nails they dirty white wetback ass always rushing through some shit funny looking ass bitches
bad you know a latino with an umbrella in the rain, is still a wetback
bad i feel like i could've got called a beanerwetback on call of duty by one of them dudes
bad i think we should be cooking andres on the fact that he is in el paso and is on the way to mexico. that boy a wetback
bad riverboat wetback is his name, get it str
bad walked out super pissed. not my fault ya dumb ass wetback bitch.
bad colonel s richey crapper bassterds wetback alexthat you've got to compensate for gravimetric interference before htg-inu-prf-
bad just found out my family has a big ass painting in the mission
bad focus on english, wetback
bad why don't you swim back to your own country wetback
bad u can't say shlonged? but u can say wetback racsist words on wow, says a hell of a lot about cnn!
bad rip wetback
bad loud wetback amateur working a black at work for good pay
bad wetback mountain dew.
bad when ur waitin in line at the store because about wetback motherfuckers can't speak english! yeah! fuckinthat!
bad i might tweet in spanish all day to pull me a little wetback.
bad bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party.
bad bill kristol.. you!! the wetback and prostitute of rino gop! you need followers to start a new party. the weekly.
bad i'm not a wetback
bad r u mad wetback?.
bad to kill u
bad bitch you a wetback too
bad all of the sudden you wetback
bad just one and fucking obama lets in wetbacks musliam why is this not being stop obama has made this country weak
bad what's almost as cool as watching the eagles beat the wetbacks? checking out civil discord at the tailgate before the game!!
bad when you're moving weed or wetbacks
bad compare to wetbacks yeah..
bad whitegenocide wake the fuck up people these fucking barbaric niggers, radical goat fuckers, and wetbacks are taking over your country
bad mel gibson told his ex wife he hope she gets raped by a pack of niggers and wetbacks she even said he was physically abusive.
bad terrorists and wetbacks do an scene before the trump towers. nobody gives a shit about.
bad my mom just told me i fist fought a yo man when i was bc he called my family wetbacks and the guy actually left me unconscious.
bad i feel you, they don't know the brown or black man struggle. but quick to call us wetbacks niggers and say we are bad.
bad i bet they're texting each other calling us wetbacks and beaners rn lmao
bad illegal alien protesters and whites who the jews paid, gather outside of trump rally in michigan. wetbacks
bad we give mexico millions of greenbacks they give us millions of wetbacks. trump will take foreign aid money.
bad today wetbacks. tomorrow the jews wordtrumpslogans
bad wetbacks are pised!!
bad gigs holler's wetbacks unfriendly razzed flopping cicada cecil nonsense nonsenseengine
bad your wetbacks are more of a threat than weather you fucking fool
bad black people the only race than can call mexicans wetbacks. any other race. it's funk on sight.
bad imagine,with trump the poorch mooches who vote for a living might get hungry enough to take the jobs the wetbacks leave heading south!
bad nbc news southern border surge of illegals 'new normal' close the borders throw out the wetbacks
bad wetbacks are sold on kirk cousins, but remain undecided on his value news headlines
bad its funny seeing all these spics and beaners call steveharvey racists names and shit fuck em wetbacks
bad lol i guess they overlooked the cardinals for the wetbacks.
bad you don't need wetbacks to pick fruit and vegetables. pay americans, pay them decently.
bad don't apologize bruh, fuck them wetbacks!
bad last night proved that black people can have no multi racial coalitions. it's fuck wetbacks, spics, camel jockeys, chinks,
bad really? you need yard work this badly? rino rubio flooding america with wetbacks.
bad -so columbia is the winner -yes. no, wait. why? -remember what trump said about wetbacks? -but he's not here anymore -fuck! take it back
bad see i have no privacy living around these wetbacks
bad but if we called them wetbacks oh shit
bad then people wonder why others call spanish people spicks, wetbacks, etc.
bad i know eagles can still win division by winning last weeks. i just don't see it. wetbacks have their number and are a better team.
bad ye! just ask these wetbacks that are picking vegies the bucks a day
bad go home wetbacks
bad victims not latin or hisp now just wetbacks with no latin support win trump find truth
bad we can be called wetbacks and evert name in the book without any repercussions. it doesn't matter if donto james told people he owned
bad after he becomes fuhrer we can use the cannon to repatriate mexican wetbacks.
bad so? i love mexican food. that doesn't mean i want my country full of wetbacks.
bad there are too many niggers, jews and wetbacks on twitter hopefully donald trump can ban these to.
bad mexican wetbacks like orale
bad the only thing to do with egg whites is add a fuckload of sugar and make meringues
bad when anti-whites get exposed for whitegenocide - they always go full retard cruzcrew
bad whites are the scourge of the earth. if that scene was real life, i know a lone black male citizen would take them all down.
bad you don't. that's their baggage. fwiw some of us white folk get tired and attacked for calling whites out on their privilege
bad well i got them cause i wanted white ones but now that i think of it the whites would get so fucked up so its gucci
bad anti-whites make excuse after excuse to justify forcing white kids into whitegenocide leaveeu
bad blackfistqotd other whites are not asked to do the same thing? -the majority of mass shootings are committed by american white males.
bad anti-whites don't want gun control. they want global whitegenocide
bad when motorcycle bomber was not muslim, though trump knows they r all muslims or hispanics or could be black ppl never whites
bad it's good to know you're completely bigoted against muslims. islam being one of the abrahamic religions. read a book.
bad people swear they own the fukin train. like move over and let other ppl in instead of giving them a dirty look mofo. foh
bad a dirty shower nsfw porn sexy
bad you should be, you racists lose your mind at the though of a dirty arab being better.
bad you smell like a dirty hippie go shave your balls! jk. i love you!!
bad you're a fucking retard odell is a pussy he's a dirty cry baby bitch who throws fits when it's bedtime
bad so i'm at the hospital right now and some bitch just gave me a dirty look. i'm sorry if i don't put on fake eyelashes.
bad i'm a dirty whore
bad they say times supposed to heal ya but that will never happen bc ur a dirty hoe who needs to wash ur mouth out with soap ew rat
bad i hate doing laundry. but i also hate being a dirty nigga. so there's that.
bad fuck a dirty mirror.
bad cammodel tits im a dirty girl wanna see me in cam x
bad almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, isn't it? sucks, doesn't it?
bad almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh?
bad almost as vulgar as calling sarah palin a teabagger, eh?
bad but calling sarah palin a teabagger is funny, right?
bad if you don't want to be called a teabagger.
bad makeamericagreatagain trumptrain when stupid people don't know they're stupid a guide to being a teabagger.
bad yeah dude, i dont have a teabagger, like i said, they are all lying sacks of shit.
bad oh, shit, anti-semitic pig. you are a teabagger
bad if you support their racist, sexist, homophobic ideology, you're a teabagger. you are as ignorant as they are
bad wage and tax harmonization - new tory belief system. only a teabagger see's balance where there is none.
bad obama was a teabagger in college before there was ever a tea party. go crawl back into your shithole. pi
bad million economically inactive ppl in the uk dave. you are a loser and a teabagger. stop with your lies and spin u mug.
bad icymi tonight was the equivalent of launching a teabagger-like insurgency within the democratic party.
bad william is a teabagger working as a concern troll.
bad raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue .he hates anyone who is not white hispanic gopdebate
bad raphael kruz aka ted cruz is a teabagger and a wanna be confederate ideologue .he hates anyone who is not white hispanic gopdebate
bad if i ever want stump a teabagger i just bring up corp. welfare and into rabbit hole we go
bad i know what you mean. one time i was incinerating a teabagger and his every response was a meme. infuriating
bad cruz is a teabagger.
bad what? a teabagger who won't genuinely engage?! shocker.
bad i swear on my damn life that is anne bitch wjat the fuck they all look the same
bad my favorite thing is that the old ladies here all look super sweet but if you talk to them they're actually sarcastic assholes
bad why do they all look adorable apart from namjoon who is lowkey tryna fuck
bad holy shit! i'm not racist, these people really do all look alike! postalbot
bad yo my naggiez you dont have to fight let all look at hot sexy boob!
bad y'all look old as fuck
bad you're in luck! we're having an auction in oakcliff. all niggers off.
bad i hate all niggers.they all should die.
bad in others words every day muslims pray to kill all niggers kafirs or the polite version infidel
bad yes they do .. all muslims deserve to die after all their practice is to kill all niggers kafirs non muslims
bad you're all niggers idgi
bad yeah cause out of all niggers i would choose to be a country one
bad so nothing is wrong with that lol most of y'all niggers wana use females for your sex toys.
bad all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes.
bad you're all niggers get off my tl
bad love the k i say death to all niggers
bad gotta mute love and hip hop y'all niggers get mad corny when it's on.
bad same y'all niggers need to stop ruining my shopping
bad i am gamergate and i agree we should kill all niggers
bad jk kill all niggers
bad it means ignorant but i guess all niggers think they are kings so whatever works for you coon
bad colombia has one of the largest populations of black people in south america. i guess y'all niggers too.
bad tf y'all niggers at?
bad vast majority of slaves went to colombia and the rest of south america. they're all niggers
bad exactly we all niggers to the white man
bad all all niggers
bad all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes.
bad mr. harvey is a living proof that all niggers are annoying. randy marsh tells us.
bad and you know south americans think blacks in the u.s. are all niggers anyway. jesus. they racism gonna fly so skrong this evening.
bad let's watch this they're just all niggers -
bad to kill all niggers
bad she doesn't realize all niggers do is hurt people and steal! not serious
bad why is star wars protagonist niggest of all nigs and monkeyist of all niggers? he is the most ape like nigger i have seen. jedi ape nigger.
bad all niggers say it
bad so it's okay to want white people all die, but when somebody says kill all niggers.
bad love the k i say death to all niggers
bad all niggers
bad yes, yes, i'm still here. how y'all niggers doing? -lo.
bad y'all niggers be the ones making these creatures feel special
bad i can't really tell cuz all niggers look the same.
bad wow penny not all niggers are the same
bad any of y'all niggers online?
bad all niggers, jews, americunts, mexifags, eurofags, christ fags and sandniggers should become an heroes.
bad never have i spoken to someone longer than hours. but y'all niggers don't even know.. hours record.
bad y'all niggers get a thumbs up and your ego is through the rough now
bad how is blackie a storm trooper arent they all white
bad why do all white gay couples look like siblings
bad that one friend is beau! see. you always blame shit on me and it's never true.
bad commies always blame fascists blegh
bad oh about that! hahahaha yaa. ppl will always blame the gay guy first.
bad u can always blame the gop pedophiles that passed those sinful laws of no taxation, making the unborn fetuses take it in the assever
bad apartheid apartheid.. blah blah.. fuck a duck you cunts! ! always blame apartheid.. when everyhing is gone,what then?
bad don't always blame me you twat
bad i fucked up, i always fuck up.
bad always fuck things up.. nice one olly
bad im actually not bad at doing my nails im just too impatient to wait for them to dry so they always fuck up life
bad always fuck with those who fuck you up when you haven't make it . is gonna ring a bell in their mind. lol what matters is u counting
bad i always fuck things up and by things i mean my relationships with people but this doesn't make me a bad person. or it kinda does idk
bad i always fuck up the good things
bad i always fuck my own shit up.
bad people will always fuck you over.
bad i literally always fuck up
bad are always fuck boys
bad why does my always fuck up
bad i always fuck everything up lmao
bad no matter how hard you try things will never be the same and the past will always fuck with shit now.
bad how do i manage to always fuck the good things up
bad why guys dey always fuck up for almost all your music videos
bad when you don't respond they think you pussy, well i always fuck back
bad i'm a piece is shit right i always fuck everything up
bad i always fuck around and run it up !
bad me gets a small stain on the table mom yall always fuck up my shit i cant have nothing merry christmas to me
bad always fuck everything up just
bad i'll always fuck with a new year's resolution. people really be mad that someone is going to try and attempt to be better
bad i always fuck up everything and im sorry
bad they always fuck me up videomtv one direction
bad am i ever gonna do anything right in my life or just always fuck up
bad i always fuck up
bad i feel like america doesn't know how to learn from its history and that's where we always fuck up. the only way to improve is to learn.
bad she said she love me cus i always fuck her brains out.
bad ugh i hate them. they always fuck with me
bad i hate getting my hair trimmed they always fuck it up.
bad never get close too people. cause in the end they always fuck you over.
bad you know you always fuck up when you have absolutely no one to turn to
bad i always fuck around and spend my money on food
bad always fuck it up somehow ha
bad swear to god i always fuck up everything
bad i wanna see people make it in life.but they always fuck up when they start falling for me smh
bad i always fuck up good things.
bad i always fuck up, it never fails
bad you always fuck around, you always send the wrong place
bad i always fuck everything up for myself
bad and beat the bookies, merry christmas!
bad no my mom would laugh and beat my ass
bad i just wanna get home and beat my wife
bad if a guy ever hit me, i'd fuck you up then tell my mom and she'll pull up on you with a shot gun and beat your mom for raising a bitch.
bad if there was a time machine i'd go back and beat my fucking self senseless. then i'd move to hawaii.
bad fuck off and die.
bad gonna go lay in the bath and die
bad i would literally shit myself and die oh my godplease
bad idrc if ppl say fake me bc i do it to sometimes but like ppl who do tht on tumblr need to stop and die
bad choke and die
bad just shut up and die forever -kate about americans
bad one of these days you people are gonna do this balloon thing and just fall down and die
bad your dads a dick. hope you and your mom is alright though bro. keepinitrigid
bad when you're doing really well in a game and your connection fucks up
bad stop saying that nigga lead you on just cause he fucked you. he probably told you many times that he ain't ready and your ass didn't listen.
bad as if any f idiot has any right t even think they hav a right to. u r spot on. wid all going on..they pick this!
bad now you lost any right to bitch when covey comes to the y
bad you are an horrible person
bad bro stop sucking of norman. for you to sit here and think he is innocent proves to us that you are an idiot
bad no because you are an asshole
bad unless they are an actual bitch
bad anytime you want to debate - debate. you are an irrelevant fucking loser bullshitting to try to cover up what i know abt you.
bad agreed mate, last games have been a shambles last horrific, fucking leicester are running away with it ffs.
bad he quit everything as many of us have. the lunatics are running and ruining the country now.
bad also just asked me if my vape had cocaine in it. then she asked if it had weed in it. conclusion my friends are bad influences
bad wtf i asked if you could do a design on my nail , the bitch said she's busy and continues reading her magazine.
bad my brothers a dick. he asked if i wanted oreos and obviously ima be like yeah but little did i know that bastard filled them with toothpaste
bad lead singer of the band perry is one thick ass white girl.
bad wiggity whack ass white boy
bad annoying ass white girls
bad boogie ass white people smh
bad thick ass white girls really satan in disguise
bad i deadass dont wanna watch a movie abt some some sensitive ass white high school kids
bad jon b was a fine ass white man.
bad who is dis lil ass white boy in da heights he looks like hes goonna get jumped
bad lil bitch ass white boy
bad why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that?
bad why are these boring fucking basic looking ass white guys getting famous all the time whatd they do live in a suburb
bad of course my cousin go the dope ass white girl who gotta be down!
bad happy ppl.. i've had annoying ass white girls and thorough ones too and that goes for blackvarious nationalities as well
bad why does this fine ass white guy have an shirt?!? lawd! girl, you got fans like that?
bad i always match with country ass white people and i think they just wanna hang out and disappoint their parents
bad ace annie, what is hispanic? me i'm not sure, some lazy ass white guy made it up to generalize hundreds of cultures. ask him. ace mmkay
bad basic ass white boys these days.
bad this pretty ass white boy
bad jesus fucking christ that's one goofy ass white dude.
bad she probably giving some road head rn to some lame ass white boy, but that's alright i ain't see it happen man so it didn't happen.
bad bro the sight of this bitch ass white boy makes my fuckin stomach hurt
bad ignorant ass white kid
bad pretty ass white boy
bad this bitch ass white dude just got angry at me for having a bernie sanders sticker
bad cause yall got the other months. selfish ass white bitch.
bad some old ass white man just mad dogged tf out me as i passed by him in slow ass traffic
bad literally all your supporters are old ass white people lmao drop out pls
bad idk about y'all but i prefer ebony. i don't wanna see no pink penises or extrad out ass white girls.
bad see how society had us conditioned to think that a fat ass white guy was strolling through our house spreading holiday goodness smfh
bad creepy ass white boy followed my brother and i home, now he's just walking in our area so i don't want to finish my fucking run
bad it's always those sheltered ass white boys that be on that stupid ass shit. like they don't get that shit isn't a game to real goons.
bad me and other people had their seats taken by rich ass white people who paid k to be on that plane
bad weird ass white man
bad fuck you and your fucking rich ass white family i hope broke you a broke down civic w no heater kr ac
bad fuck airports lol how the fuck do you give up someone's seat to rich ass white peoples
bad i really can't stand ignorant ass white people
bad we all know a gutta ass white girl that has all the trap music. trapordie
bad vote for hillary, she supports iran and saudi arabia who put bags over heads, binds hands and throws off buildings gays..
bad those tall, rangy shitheads with bags over their shoulders. they love to jump feet and kickpunch you. we are not friends
bad when your family is so beautiful, they have to wear bags over their head and sell combs
bad the saints look like hot garbage. their fair weather ass fans been quiet all season. back to wearing them bags over your head next year.
bad really? talking shit after grienke signs with the d-bags over an extra year? at least people can see the lakers play in la!
bad wow! bravo! chief hamas terrorist's ex-wife justifies his assassination murderers should be killed. video
bad agnostics need to be killed. worse than believers or atheists
bad you are more likely to be killed by those mm's then a syrian refugee.
bad as i have been walking in d rainthose prepared by corrupt u.s.a governmentofficials as me were followingmehoping i can be killed off today
bad will you open the book of life has end all the hate killing wars or just let more be killed raped all will know
bad i'll do worse, i'll have an army of pikmin beat him to a pulp then have them carry his corpse back to the onion-
bad he beat him last year in the playoff with cardale fucking jones at qb, tells me all i need to know. meyer's the goat.
bad we were in the violin shop and my uncle called a viola the bass fiddle and i wanted to rip off my arm and beat him with up dead
bad but on some real shit you're probably the biggest faggot on twitter who doesn't train or workout, plain and simple fanboy
bad too bad your the biggest faggot to walk this planet
bad why do i turn in to the biggest faggot when ever i listen to vogue
bad youre actually the biggest faggot i know but still cute
bad you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen.
bad biggest faggot in boxing,openly ducks opponents by faking injuries,twice devon and now chaves,he keeps fighting his
bad . biggest faggot on the internet?
bad the guy i kicked was literally the biggest faggot i've ever played with
bad luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible.
bad biggest faggot in the world i everything lame ass fuck and when i'm in oakland i'm slapping his ass
bad seriously the biggest faggot ever
bad sportstalkjoe is the biggest faggot
bad silk let's be real you've gotta be the biggest faggot weaboo irl
bad you're the biggest faggot on social media
bad is the biggest faggot who ever lived. he is just all talk but no walk, cuz he's too busy getting pounded by his dad.
bad i don't give a shit i would say sorry but you're the biggest faggot on twitter
bad dude, that guy is the biggest faggot holy shit.
bad you are the biggest faggot i have ever met what the fuck is this account get a life or make the hockey team
bad you are maybe the biggest faggot on twitter
bad who's the biggest faggot
bad onrestrictionn has to be the biggest faggot i've ever seen
bad odell is the biggest faggot i know it's all about him and he can't even win with any class
bad david gay son male straight american single af video games and thigh highs sleeping and grayza biggest faggot
bad i hope everyone know dane healis is the biggest faggot ever! i don't follow him but i hope he sees this
bad biggest faggot i have worked with.
bad you're literally the biggest faggot
bad fero is the biggest faggot in this community, i swear.
bad anyone who says they respect the police is the biggest faggot pussy i know
bad jarvis and the biggest faggot in the league
bad vaks is the biggest faggot alive
bad roses are red, the grass is green, you're the biggest faggot i've ever seen.
bad i was so honored to award steven biggest faggot in brownsville the other day over the phone i think i really made his day.
bad - biggest faggot i know
bad geri, you're the biggest faggot ik.
bad and you're the biggest faggot that's in california.
bad chip kelly is the biggest faggot
bad you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen
bad coming from the biggest faggot i know
bad biggest faggot of the internet blaze is flyy from youtube please say in stream
bad is the biggest faggot i know
bad you are literally the biggest faggot ive ever seen recruiting people then kickin the nigga for his disability. literally go kys
bad how kids supposed learn that fire burns, if today's parents blame the fire for being hot. motherfuckers the real world has consequences
bad i blame the gay jews! cruz he just blames der gays
bad blame the whores
bad if ya'll haven't fuckedfucked with every dude or female.. then how can you blame the whole gender.. that's all i ever see on my tl..
bad septa bus drivers really be fat as shit
bad already see some hoes hashtagging black lives matter in their butt ugly selfie smh.
bad damn! that is a butt ugly skank!
bad you are such a butt ugly non-joke understanding, stupid piece of white trash that gets old dude's to pay for your ugliness sick
bad i think the video calls him a weak ass, lying scumbag ,cheating bastard with a butt ugly fat ass wife
bad poor miley she turned butt ugly
bad when u and yo homie holla at a bitch with a thick body a fat ass but than she turn around and she hella butt ugly
bad why does there have to be so many fucking butt ugly gaming pc cases?
bad meth abuse is what you say when you're afraid to say butt ugly.
bad next semester when i only have to go to tech i'm going to be looking butt ugly because they are the only people that will see me and we fam
bad dearsantasorryfor getting on your butt ugly list.
bad butt ugly
bad corypheus is so butt ugly lmao but he's part darkspawn and they're ugly as hell so it makes sense
bad i own some butt ugly tshirts.
bad what a butt-ugly dysfunctional couple.
bad looking at her butt-ugly face i can see why she says that
bad cliche thing to say when returning to america after living abroad, but americans are butt ugly fat. fatisnotbeautiful
bad my latest graphs are going to look butt-ugly because of this damn it
bad not with kylo ren, i'd get aids every time i looked at his butt ugly face
bad she's butt ugly has no real talent .. get rid of her trashy sorry ass!!
bad wordtrumpslogans buy my butt-ugly hats!
bad your toyota is butt ugly so are you
bad if you were as butt ugly as that serrell loser you'd spout nonsense too.
bad do you ever just think wow we're lucky were decent looking girls, there's some girls that are butt ugly -alex pantina
bad this game is more butt-ugly than nude pics of janet reno.
bad he just yelled at me saying que change your fucking attitude your attitude is horrible
bad reminder to myself change your fucking abilities
bad i get way too chink eyed
bad scored in straight games. typical patriots hater. chink eyed fuck.
bad superb dick sucking lips if you ask me though your a bit chink eyed, do you smoke weed beautiful?
bad proper chink eyed this morning
bad you should probably stop drinking now. you're all chink eyed like me
bad zemzo you are ugly asf you light skinned, chink eyed, lil dicked ugly bitch kys
bad you are awesome guardians. japan rot in hell you chink eyed bastards. fuck you tweettaiji
bad stfu u chink eyed pig
bad ol lookin chink eyed lookin nigga
bad wide eyed n shit, my medicine makes me feel like i go all chink eyed. so i held my eyes like this for minutes lol.
bad chink eyed to the max
bad alex is also chink eyed when it comes to his ''cute'' selfies
bad gettin chink eyed an watchin that star wars tonight me, anyone spoils it for me there ma's from rhyl
bad i'm lookin at that tweet chink eyed af like what is life.
bad shut yo chink eyed ass up
bad chink eyed ass bitch!
bad lil chink eyed negro
bad japan is so sick. chink eyed zombies. fuck you. tweettaiji you are the biggest loser ever.
bad you know i like them chink eyed, thick thighs
bad just got to the buffet and my stomach starts hurting fml, gotta get my money's worth outta these chink eyed mother fuckers
bad chink eyed trying to navigate in a backwood blizzard
bad chink eyed problems
bad cloud so chink eyed man
bad doped up.. ima chink eyed fool.
bad those who want us military out of ph shd start arming selves and fight the chinks in spratlys and mischief. you can't, your balls r fried.
bad stay n'sync w the hood, gray minks in the hood, we tryna get money like chinks in the hood tdoa
bad drivin n a see ma pal aw by hersel n picked her up fae the bus stop fuck superman, chinks in toon tae the rescue x
bad there are chinks in super cam's armour!
bad because they know their candidate has chinks in his armor, and can't win against my candidate. polls prove it
bad how can someone drive worse then a stoner. you have to be cheebed out on heroin to drive like the chinks in miramesa sandiegohardcore
bad was about to torrent football manager but then i realised square tried and fucked it up and ended up with a squad of chinks in tallaght
bad you're gucci dude, let's see some mean peg chinks in the meantime
bad i hope there are some fine ass chinks in ur city istg if not i'm done
bad ..stop allat coon shit
bad stop all that coon shit
bad its still coon shit. fuckempire
bad roddy white is a coon and coons will always do coon shit.
bad nah that's pure coon shit i know of niggas with the sound effect hands
bad stop all that coon shit early morning cartoon shit, this is that goon shit
bad ya boy is on some coon shit lmao
bad like they really put this coon shit on tv tryna convince me cardi b a star man fomf
bad does hillary clinton owe donald trump an apology? head nigger and the cunt, we all know that pack of coon shit!
bad black unemployment all time high. he says when blacks complain.i'm president of all america aka alllivesmatter. coon shit
bad because those guys know the power of the dollar. we don't make it any better applauding coon shit and giving it shine
bad i would try and defend steve harvey but he do be on some coon shit
bad this is that coon shit i don't endorse
bad stop with that coon shit
bad he did some coon shit on a white mans show
bad think about it, the chain allegedly worth k. after they spend all that up on silly coon shit, they back to bein broke.
bad coon shit
bad are y'all surprised that a coon did some basic ass coon shit? that's why you don't put coons on tv.
bad give a damn about slavery and a bunch of more coon shit. now he see he isn't as far removed as he thought.
bad a. no hbcu is all black. b. even if it was, you too good for your own people? c. leave this coon shit in .
bad that's straight up coon shit!
bad if the character doesn't develop and mature in the next two episodes than it is soon coon shit, but the jury is still out me
bad stop all that coon shit
bad lmao just did some coon shit with my uncle
bad stevie harvey definitely did some coon shit
bad fuck all that coon shit. i just bet its a nice life up there.
bad steve harvey did some coon shit i know he did
bad wonder what type of off the wall coon shit steve harvey was saying tonight
bad too cute to get caught on some coon shit
bad to them sisters out their get out of them white ways . all that dumb coon shit must come to a end . the.
bad i got a feeling caine bout to do some coon shit.
bad i'm black, and i love black people. but we fall for too much coon shit to be complaining about racism. smh
bad stop all that coon shit
bad coon shit!
bad stop all that coon shit
bad see this coon shit lmao they clearly idiots
bad coon shit smh, gotta love north.
bad yea i've seen some real fucked up dune coon shit
bad to buy tickets in order to get shoes is coon shit.
bad wanna be a big cop in a small town? fuck off up to the model village
bad elphaba! i cover your mouth with my hand. shh don't even say that word! i frown. i'm not a whore, okay? i'm pretty--
bad yo lady, before you cover your car in dumbass bumper stickers, maybe you should learn how to drive st?? gettin a little ahead of yourself..
bad cover your tits up you infant
bad i fucking love when stevie and ally bicker it cracks me up omg they get so mad
bad this dumb bitch cracks me tf up
bad i really hope you add silent, background laugh as a podcast laugh track. shit cracks me up every time.
bad i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
bad cuffin these hoes thats where u went bad at
bad so to the ft carson niggas that's cuffin these hoes tho, y'all the real mvp
bad cuffin these hoes that's where you went bad at
bad fucking these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash
bad im allergic to cuffin these hoes
bad ok what's gucci my nigga what's gucci my nigga don't be cuffin these hoes u know they be choosing
bad i don't be cuffin' these hoes i just be bustin these hoes
bad i don't be cuffin these hoes ,
bad never cuffin these hoes
bad don't be cuffin these bitches you know they choosing!
bad they might as well since they cuffin these hoes anyway
bad no cuffin these bitches, i trade em.
bad dont be cuffin these hoes.
bad i be cuffin these hoes, i don't be smashing these hoes.
bad fuckin these bitches no cuffin these bitches no lovin these bitches they all for the smash
bad cuffin these bitches you niggas is cops
bad fuck any bitch no cuffin these bitches
bad we be cuffin these bitches now that's something i cannot do she prolly tryna get you robbed to now god bless both yall achoo!
bad fuckin' these bitches, no cuffin' these bitches no lovin' these bitches, they all for the smash
bad we aint cuffin these hoes we aint the police!
bad u cuffin these hoes u don't know no better
bad stop cuffin' these hoes in
bad i ain't cuffin these hoes i neva eva been a cop
bad u be lookin like stop cuffin these hoes
bad ion be cuffin these hoes i just be bussin these hoes.
bad no cuffin these bitches, no lovin' these bitches they all for the smash
bad y'all niggas really be cuffin these run down whores me my team went thru them
bad dumb monkey
bad thanks for erasing my gamer score you incompetent illiterate dumb monkey fucks. fuck sony xbpshitty
bad on page of of eleanor park, by rainbow rowell white-trash dumb monkey
bad shut up you dumb monkey fucking nigger, you caused aids.
bad steveharvey so he made a mistake over a dumb pageant and he's being called a dumb monkey? really? ignorant asses!
bad answering something wrong in a quiz, thats a mistake. read wrong a simple word when you had plenty of time, not. dumb monkey
bad they are laughing at you for being a dumb monkey and you must do everything in your power to not be that
bad yes it's all over. screenshots of so many people calling him a dumb monkey and nigger.
bad its called stop u dumb monkey
bad dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china
bad no it doesn't? you're ad because our genes provide us with better opportunities and more intelligent minds dumb monkey.
bad i doubt this dumb monkey has ever had a beer or a root or left his village ,yet preaches how to live.
bad dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china
bad holy shit you're one dumb monkey fucker.
bad i laughed. you always coming after ya dumb monkey ass bitch got one more fucking time to call me out my name
bad dumb monkey
bad keep smiling dumb monkey. this does no representation to the loudness of the bangs. making whole flat shake.
bad dumb monkey
bad get out of my way, you dumb monkey.
bad dumb monkey
bad dumb nigger
bad vm advise is a dumb nigger who complains and oh reds is a dumbass.
bad irony dumb nigger baby
bad y'all need to chill about the mistake steve harvey made. calling that man a dumb nigger is uncalled for honestly fuck that pageant
bad shut the fuck up you dumb nigger
bad ur a dumb nigger. u never blocked me dumb kyke. ur an irrelevant e girl
bad fuck up dumb nigger
bad everybody worrying about missuniverse and how steve harvey is a dumb nigger, but not worrying about what happened to sandrabland
bad no one asked you to reply you dumb nigger
bad get cancer you dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger boy
bad niqs is a dumb nigger
bad fucking trash server with dumb nigger staff cant even ban hackers, i fucking died to a hacker who flew i had stuff worth k
bad get olws dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger
bad this age old whitepeoplelogic me shut up white boy white people but if i called you a dumb nigger i'd be racist
bad you're a better readerwriter? end your racist slurs calling a dumb nigger with a periodexclamation point!
bad whitey nigger, nigger,dumb nigger me i actually graduated from high school two years early with a . gpa whitey .ya dumb niggers
bad what do you mean you said you didn't have pp dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger
bad got no friend let me try something else go look at buildings dumb nigger
bad chris rock is a dumb nigger.
bad you not dumb nigger
bad your probably a red neck uneducated micro penis idiot. you're getting schooled by a dumb nigger. i can see our difference now.
bad but she didnt like you back cause you're an ugly ass faggot that recolors packs dumb nigger
bad you two are fucking retarded and you both should commit suicide you dumb nigger fucks
bad white people call steve harvey a dumb nigger now switch it up black people call white t.v host a white racist or whatever.
bad dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger
bad they love pointing the finger at the dumb nigger steveharvey is playing a character that don't fit him
bad dumb nigger
bad smfh this dumb nigger, w the hard r
bad im so good,the lolcows come to defend that dumb nigger cause he likes your shitty mass produced music?.
bad another dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger
bad you probably don't even have smackers gtfo you're trash you dumb nigger
bad youre a dumb nigger
bad dumb nigger boy
bad just another dumb nigger
bad u dumb nigger u
bad dumb nigger
bad can we just say dumb nigger yet? he played the race card first! welcome to the outcome president idiot.
bad go the fuck back to africa, ya dumb nigger. we don't want you in our country.
bad so is one of many that called steveharvey a dumb nigger but this guy happens to be a senior director at spotify ?
bad miss colonbia only won because they let a dumb nigger like announce it missuniverse
bad called dumb nigger is a sr. dir that's how your employees rep you
bad if so y not b an equal opportunity media whore rave ag catholics, jews, sikhs
bad going for a fag and ignoring her isnt the same thing
bad love that movie. you're fucked up, you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded
bad words fag and dyke and the like thrown around like they're harmless? because they're not, they're the complete opposite
bad a fag and a loser or a fag loser? keep being a keyboard gangster with your th grade insults sittin in a basement in wilmette
bad you're a fag and you get no views skid get out of here
bad yes, but you don't get to mock people if they're called a fag and take offense. it's their choice.
bad and its still
bad they called odell a fag and he got mad
bad you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour!
bad callin him a fag and shit still not ok
bad when people say fag and bitch on twitter you sound so incredibly stupid, oh and your future employers will love your homophobic posts
bad im a fag and i think this tweet is fucking gay and stupid ill say whatever tf i want
bad ayy lmao stop being a fag and let me know if you change your mind. i think cesar might go
bad he still a fag and retarded
bad stop spreading misinformation just cause ur a fag and cant reproduce
bad everyone above me is a fag and will get aids, or another butt cyst
bad i think he's telling us you look like a fag and no one can believe you're married to a female
bad attention boys in my school who use fag and gay as a derogatory term you arent cool you are assholes go fuck yourself thank you
bad aw poor odell beckham, the panthers called him a fag and told him he was a spoiled child. everyone should feel bad for odell whatabitch
bad called that man a fag and everything lmao
bad best conversation with a drunk guy at the train station who asked for a fag and then debated why lemons should be illegal
bad happy birthday fag and i tried to go on your profile again and it told me to get off
bad some of yall might be ok with being called a fag and having a nigga step to you with a baseball bat, but some of us niggas aint. obj nfl
bad i love being like that also i take the gay part in ways, being a fag and being happy
bad you yourself are a fag and a diva!! you fuckin spineless pussy ass bitch!! go jump off a bridge you piece of garbage!
bad i've said way worse to people on the basketball court than you a fag and i'll end your career
bad stop being a fag and vote
bad so basically josh norman and another panthers player called obj a fag and said they were going to blow his knee out
bad i chipped my fag and i'm already regretting the awful smell
bad i hear dementia fag and his views. and its totally fucking retarded
bad been sat in this seat for hours debating whether to roll a fag and brave the weather outside
bad this is dementia fags city. he got a whole bunch of cocks hes sucking. nothing but dementia fag and cocks hes sucking
bad yeah i don't think so but i'm not a fag and do clans so haha peace
bad put out the fag and stick my cock in your mouth instead. much better to suck on.
bad i'm a 'fag' and just wanted to say that god loves me for who i am no matter what lifestyle i live.
bad i'm half fag and i still love tiddy
bad this dude looks like a total fag, and i'm sure even gays would agree.
bad he's a fag and i don't fuck with that fufu lame shit. aids ass
bad they're called monster girls, fag and i wouldn't expect you to understand being a fag and all.
bad feel bad for no getting dylan for a fag but it's too much effort to move
bad i need a pee and a fag but i'm obsessed with girls aloud otr
bad never talked to that fag but he blocked me lmao
bad you called my friend a fucking fag but you're mad when we call you fat smh
bad i think u met fag but shut up. he's an amazing person. if he loves a guy then he loves a guy big deal. fucku!
bad im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is
bad try my hardest to stop saying fag but it hard as fuck pause growingup
bad you're a fag. but i won't say it to you're face cause twitter is more productive
bad harry just ate a fag but off the floor
bad lol yea he a fag but the song bumps
bad u are a retard loser. omg. stop. stop being a fucking loser fag but he cant he cant stop
bad thanks u still a fag but u made my night so ty ulit. appreciationtweet
bad dying for a fag but there's no chance i can be arsed to go downstairs and listen to my dad give me shit
bad you may be a fag but brand new is the shit. fav album and top songs? degausser tho
bad i told him you weren't a fag. but my dad doesn't listen to me much
bad don't argue with him. he called me a fag, but is hiding behind an avi header that's not of him, lol. next.
bad lmfao idc ablht thag she said im homophobic and say fag but i say fag as in cigar
bad where is noah i need to call someone a fucking fag but nacho is too whiney
bad ian you sound like a fag but carti bodied that nigga
bad haha i'm the fag but you got kds dick all up in your mouth man lol dismiss myself from what nigga
bad - fag, but you chill and uh text me
bad there's also a fag but you can give his story a reactionary interpretation easily.
bad but, i didn't say it wasn't lewd.
bad he's a fag but at least he's not a douche tbh
bad but either way, ace hasn't tweeted a single damn thing. he just died and quit xd
bad not no fag but i been chilling
bad and ur a fag but i didn't say anything..
bad i want a fag but i'm sure there's a man living in the bush outside my house but he's only about at night. when the street lamps are off
bad lmaoo and your receiver still can't find out what a catch is. wedemdropboyz lol he's a fag but you fuck with greg?
bad oh thought u said each fag but still ain't no whole semester
bad i'd be heated if i didn't like anime and was losing to an anime fag but my pmr isn't doing too hot
bad miss u fag but u always nvr meet one
bad for a but? coming out for a fag but
bad ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke?
bad i would say fag but that's not an insult to you
bad absolute faggot and russian shill sardo, tries to remain relevant by white knighting nina, never change mate
bad my sisters friend called me faggot and i was so ready to talk shit bout his uglyass
bad twistvh - great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily
bad obj needs butters to filter the hateful comments like players calling him a faggot and making fun of his hair safespace
bad waited through fairytale of new york just to shout faggot and surprise as many people as could.
bad because you're a faggot and a squaker.
bad if you snipe in black ops your a faggot and i fucking hate you
bad stop saying the word faggot and using the word gay as an insult k
bad panda taking italygg faggot and john kelly sperging at the same time. my patience is eternal but i'd have given up by now.
bad read this comment, and sign the petition. the da is a sneaky little faggot and deserves the same thin. via change
bad when someone is yelling faggot and saying he is going to end your career was more the problem than the bat
bad madden call him a faggot and thats what set laettner off. when the fans got word of it thats when they started chanting
bad no he was bugging bc a bunch of dudes with bats called him a faggot and said im gonna end your career
