Pure science? WTF does that mean? You think NaCl doesn't come in a 1:1 relationship?
Let me guess are you a perl programmer?
Agree but -1 for answering a dupe.  You should know better.
Because is mildly insane.  `espresso-mode` is the Javascript mode for sane people.
-1 useless answer
Works on my machine.  Somebody is blocking you.  Are you Chinese?
I'm looking for a Klein bottle with some wine in it. Any suggestions?
ANYONE??? HELLOOOO???
I believe you've learned that in your school.
Do not clone my post
there is no need of downvote. huh wht to do with this kind of people.
if you dont want to answers.. just.. dont answer!
There is no programming question here.  You have an invalid entry in your file.
-1: Admittedly iphone camera on google doesn't give you any useful links but spend an extra 30 seconds and google for iphone camera tutorial and you're done.
Okay this one gets my funniest post of the day.  :)
That means that you have fucked-up the routes. Come on new question!
This shows remarkably little effort.
sql-server AND oracle tags? And an explanation as well? It's homework isn't it?
+1 Good answer to a poor question.
man this is a programming forum not trig.
And maybe taking a class on databases. Or even just reading all the way through a tutorial.
This shows zero effort on the author's part.
You should really learn the basics of web-programming before creating a web page if you don't even know the difference between client-side and server-side script languages.
Wow didn't know you can convert HTML tables into Excel files...
He likes to ask questions
Read the documentation -- **** is correct and the documentation will tell you how to do this.
RTFM or ask a new question.
Yeah. Post the real error.
Do you have any objective-c programming experience?
lack of research effort
Take your other questions you asked and mark the answers you think is right.
Read a C++ book.
a ton of research eh ? this is the second hit on google: http://www.braemoor.co.uk/software/postcodes.shtml
Downvoters don't have a cow... what do you want?  Sometimes you just want to take the first item from a dictionary whatever that item happens to be.
Did you consider reading the documentation?
The answer links to the docs what more would you want?
Why do you even care?
WTH? TIA? This Is Awkward? Typical Ignorant American?
I don't think this is even worth asking.. a small google search would of given you the answer.. or just stick with trial and error and experimenting.
ever try google?
sorry can't help myself:  reputation: 1
We don't magical stick and ball to understand your word. Post code
I don't know wtf does async.whilst() and I don't care.
So what's the question? What's the code? Or do you prefer us to provide you with magic out of the air?
i post same thing..bt ur confused again?
I have already done that if you look at my code at the top invoking the ggplot. did you notice the + theme() + ???
This question shows zero research effort...
lame shit. i simply want to assign multiple error callbacks when a $http.get throws an error.
How to delete this question?
Maybe should read about Accessing array values?
Google is a hell of a drug.
Or check the source. You know since it's open source.
you have to read. the problem is a link to the picture of it.
Don't work in the tutorial project THANKS :)
Get a good operating systems textbook.
Geez a beginner is no excuse for not learning at all.. You can search it easily in google..
haha this one's still funny !!!
Which is interesting but doesn't actually answer the question.  See the accepted answer.
Moving along.....Please refrain from taking any jobs at nuclear power stations....
its a valit.. i don't need to worry about it.. and i want exact answer
Thanks for choosing an answer equals as mine which I posted 1 day earlier.
yeah right we can debug without a line of your code. what did you try where did you already searched ? we are not debuggers.
What the hell is `sub` anyways..?
Your use case is flawed. Reading a tag from the phone to which it is permanently attached is silly
I wonder why this answer is still showed up despite of the comment above.
Maybe you should learn Java before you try writing an Android app.
I've downvoted as you've had several responses and not replied to any of them.
What the hell is wrong with you ???? :D Seriously ? Comic Sans ???????
how about doing a Google search. That's where you can ask. Everyone else has spent at least 30 minutes doing their own research first before asking questions.
If someone is experiencing this problem and using CocoaPods this is likely the correct solution.
Taught to do it this way at uni... Apparently it's bad jew jew haha
how to solve it with C# - by writing some...
because it is about reading comprehension.
OP clearly has no clue how to handle/manipulate and array
how about reading some documentation before posting such questions?
+1 RTFM and a link to TFM
take a look to my answer perhaps you can use it in your code to avoid going your shoulder to scratch your ass :)
And it shows only the javadoc for the current function not the hovered over object too. Really bad answer.
StackOverflow is not a developer-finding service.
Have you tried this yourself? By the way it doesn't work.
So why don't you do your own homework instead of dumping it here?
Patronising _and_ wrong. Nice.
Was writing this question easier than pressing enter? :)
Thanks for sharing your experience. But please try to focus on the relevant parts in future answers not telling everybody the story of your life..
This is stupid. An implementing class should be able to choose what to expose outwards while providing internal functionality of the interface.
Add explanation or don't post answers to such questions.
Which WebBrowser are you referring to in the code? The OP asked about WPF WebBrowser. Please stop fooling people.
So what did you ask? answers?
Uuuuuuuuuuuugggghhh.
Seriously did not even try did you. Please at least search Google if not stack overflow before posting a question.
What is the question. The forum is for english speakers ;)
It could also clean your house cook some food and do all your work for you. That's a possibility.
*****: Do yourself and everyone else a favor and use ui-router.
Hahaha this is f****** absurd :D!
We're not here to do your work for you...
This is just wrong. Why would anybody upvote that?
I'll do it in a few minutes thanks for your advice.
Cogratulation. This is your second downwoted question today. Keep up! :)
I always upvote a question that elicits a good answer no matter how dumb. +1 for you.
Format your code properly first. It looks ugly.
`<pre><a href=<br />>Hey</pre>` and you're fucked. You better use html5lib to parse your HTML and modify your DOM.
Ok you cannot bother.
No one cares what is freaky or annoying. Just ask the question and skip the gratuitous emoting please.
Man I fucked the editting of this post it's supposed to be http.post either way none of the calls work anymore and they did before.
This forum is about problem solving not dodging
dafuck? That's the most important part. The rest is useless without it.
I don't see how this passed as a question back in 2012.  RTFM
What's the point of digging up this questions ? If not for a boost of reputation ?? The OP goes back in 2011...
That's retarded. I would never have thought of having to enter those other positional args before I could view help for a subcommand.
Haha ... removed your comment huh ? well i guess we all know who's right then...
this works but looks awful :D
Fuck im completely stupid man.. I had a huge range. I should use offset for the list so to add on line for every new line.. Thanks a lot..
When I ask you a question what I need is an answer. Not two more questions.
Is Google not installed on your machine?
Answering and asking for more..
Where is the spelling mistake? And again revert the formatting I dont want to keep manually undoing your mistakes. I dont want to have to ask you again.
liar! this doesn't work
Oh dear you don't want to have it so complicated do you?
What have you tried so far? Did you do any research on the topic yourself?
Note: if your C header `#include`s any `std*.h` headers you're fucked
If everything is synchronized why the fuck even care to do threads? -- My Old School Master
yup  i forgot to undo some change to another script and basically fucked myself over  i didn't find my solution but atleast i found my error  thx .
I got the same fucking issue like this: after a day coding a REST API file then save then re-open Eclipse again all my changes go away.
.equals() does the trick! fuck yeay stackoverflow is the shit!!! :D :D :D
Don't ask a second question create a new question or better yet Google it!
Well it works in iphone / ipad size but now the fullscreen is fucked because it is no longer at the bottom of the page but instead of the content.
My other aliases especially my favorite `alias fuck='sudo $(history -p \!\!)'`  show up though!
got to love people who provide the laziest permanent fix ever
Use your mind...Don't ask this type of silly question.
You don't know enough SQL to create a `SELECT` query?
again mind your own business and stop bothering me.  if you don't want assist then stop wasting space on the site with your comments.
Did you try anything at all? Did you search for this? Do you even *know* JavaScript?
Err... [RTFM](http://php.net/manual/en/function.preg-grep.php) maybe? Use `PREG_GREP_INVERT` as the 3rd parameter.
Seriously ? It's the easiest programming task I've ever seen. Juste read some doc/tutorial about arrays
He's asking how to set an element in an array what do you think he has done so far ? Nothing.
Please answer as soon as you can because I would like to finish and work on other things.
You mad? It is the same thing that my code contains.
You seriously don't even know how to write code? Kindly check out the tour.
I assume you later on want to ask is lamborghini a vehicle?
And this does not do that?    You are beyond helping and I will remember to not try in the future.
lol. can't believe this answer gets 3 votes. must be all from your accounts. lol.
Thanks for another RELEVANT answer.