It does help. You are just lazy to use it.
what the hell is this code??
your moms a terrible mess pal...................................
The one who downvoted me please don't be a kid. If you don't understand the question just tell me in a kind way. I don't like stupid people.
Thank you for helping me. I AM NEW TO PROGRAMMING and I simply wanted an answer. Now I know that this site does have a******* who are not very understanding individuals
the one who downvoted me I cannot find any word to say to you. Dictionaries are not enough to describe the title for you.
i don't know why eitherjust did.. - best logic ever. I predict you'll have a long and successful programming career.
Someone is in a shitty downvote mood today without explaining the reason for the downvotes...
Seriously bro? do you even java?
This post is hilarious.
Crap. Idiots ...
If you cant understand the question than get the hell out of here.
hahaha jsperf you fickle bitch... 
he said he wanted simple i gave him an approach what is your dysfunction?
non of your business. are you english teacher?
It does fucking compile -.- This is not the whole fucking code listen retard...
Thank you however if you not prepared to help keep your stupid comments to yourself.
No this is stupid. Not even close to a generic solution. It could easily be dangerous.
you may want to check the stfu i aint politically correct policy. Oh wait it doesn't exist since it's given by nature.
I DONT GIVE A SHIT WRITE PROPER WORKING PRODUCT
Are you trying to answer the question or be a smart ass? Really I can't tell by your comment.
What the fuck do you think I'm doing here asshole!? Research. Jesus christ! Why does the world have to include schmucks like you!? BTW happy new year
fuck everyone who downvotes
How would providing any code here help? Instead of being a code monkey how about look at what the issue is - that is what it means to be a computer scientist.
Im also voting to fuck off my post
Are you retarded?
Take it to the psychiatrist.
yes N0b to sql ! u didnt help much lol
People are helping you for FREE you ungrateful little shit.. be respectful and follow the rules and people will help you..
then up vote :( :) bitches
you two guys want to suck my dildo?
fuck off asshole
I m going to fuck your mother fucker
fuck off  fucker sucker
su.. my di.. 
Im gonna fu.. your mother
Who is the IMBECILE who deleted all the comments to this question???
skip learning if you don't like it (and stop wasting our time).
Don't be a dick about it. C++ provides you plenty of ways of working with ostensibly unrelated objects: see std::min. My question is reasonable. This answer isn't.
There are a sure load of prats on this site.
So you want us to google search for you now as well? Anything else you need? A sandwich? Some coffee?
`steam music android java` guess what happens when you google that? How stupid/lazy are you?
vote or die madafaka
Sure we'll just whip up something so you can spam your garbage app... Would you like a snack while you're waiting? Something poisonous perhaps?
I will get it I am determinated ;) so stop your stupid comment and just click - reputation ;)
Could you be any more lazy?
Learn how to program before attempting anything as complex as a multi button GUI.
If you don't know the answer keep your mouth shut
thx for the downvote smuck
Yeah well fuck your mother you retarded autist you should kill yourself you fucking skinny ass nazi.
lol fuck you puppy youre an ugly nazi anyway you fucking clown nerd ass bitch.
Lol you're probably a nazi anyway that's why you won't help a good jew like me.
Strictly speaking I'm an ugly nazi clown nerd ass bitch who knows the answer to this question.
Yeah you got that right you fucking nazi clown nerd ass bitch. Get a life maybe the only way you know the answer to this is if you have no life.
Screw you I already know your full name and I will not take measures to ruin your fucking life. Find it in your heart to hide yourself.
no need to be such assholes
Sorry "change your platform" is shit advice.
lol i tried that yesterday and still doesn't work the way i want thanks for coming out as a brick though next time maybe don't try to help someone in need a-hole
I want a textview inside a relataive layout or any layout read the question first before answering dumbass
whoa what the fuck guys all im saying is dont use a dot at the end only commas and semicolon are you guys fucking autistic?
yeah stupid analogy you do things better than me blah blah blah. Go ahead talk with them smartass : ****
fuck you son of a bitch
I'm not sure we can help you with mental health issues ?
