There is a way but it is almost impossible to find it because python has no documentation and the web has no search engines.
EITHER NORMAL FORM POST (PAGE REFRESH) OR FORM POST WITH AJAX. NO OTHER POSSIBILITY
my eyes hurt on seeing this code
i can read it maybe you should get your eyes tested
This is really an faked up community
Your code invokes undefined behaviour at multiple levels. It is plain awful and useless. Use inline-assembler.
stupidity at its best :3
Maybe the problem is that pipe you're smoking in the facebook cover photo you just posted.  If you lay off the weed you might be able to concentrate better.
Keep being a total dick. You still have to look at yourself in the face every day.
you need to properly implement one of those algorithms. if you dont know that then you are going back to school!!
sorry but this answer is completely out of sync with the question i.e it's a load of rubbish ;-)
cunt
Also whoever up voted this should have their voting rights suspended.
Let's not.  I'm not interested.
1 v 1 me anytime any place
StackOverflow is not here to do your code writing.
well gee i would think exact output and source was detailed enough i guess im not up to your standards should i post memory dumps too? that detailed enough for you?
How can you help others being dumb
Would the retarded monkey that downvoted this working answer please explain why?
Please fuck off
go fuck yourself idiot
You fucking morron!!!
You've been here long enough to know you have to show effort.
or something the kids theses day seem incapable of actual thought
c'mon now really? or is this some kind of code golf?
I think it is not ur business. I did not want the whole solution. I wanted the way to do it.
what of load of shite!
Four star programming wow!
Dude its a psuedocode not supposed to work unlike just talking in gibberish
Four star programming wow! This must be really good code!
sigh read a book on it dude it's like something you learn in Comp Sci 100.00001
This whole QA is embarrassing and sad.
why do you still have the bizarre array-whatever thing there bra ?  you realise that's going to sit around on the net for like 10000 years  :O
Then you need to say how or just be cranky like you're right now.
Don't bump old crappy questions unless your intent is to actually improve them (adding backstory or complaining about a downvote is not improving your question).
Don't nag me please. That's just annoying. I'm not your servant. I don't owe you anything. Now I don't feel like helping you.
I want my post deleted indian black ass idiot
DELETE THE FUCKING POST
DONT FUCKING REVIEW MY POST WITH - IDIOTFUCKER
And list refers to READING a list in the resultset.  I don't wipe the ass of the programmer.
go away!!!!!!!!
sorry didn't know about your stupid website roles
Please use the mass in your head!
utter rubbish...
I fixed it so your simple mind can see through the MUD.
So you are asking others to write the code for you? What did you try so far?
nice did you scribbled your gf/ex gf name?
fucking missprint ! Thanks dude :)
Terrible answer and terrible choice of date as an example!
I just took out the upvote given to you as there is an unfair downvote on my post.
YOU ARE A WANKER FUCK OFF
You have 50 databases and you don't know much about dba work... Poor you.
WTF? OP edited the question with comment Wordpress added as Tags explained the error. Where is the explaning?
Poor you indeed.  Transfer in Excel?  When there are real ETL tools out there?
Isnt easier as write an question just google for bash arrary tutorial?
i don't know because probably he is god or devil or angel or some spooky scientist who can see the future edit.
Very fucking user's on this site never read the question always try to down vote new comer even they leave this palate form.
Yes you can do it. But you have to make a good question and right format.
Rod kinda kindergarden issue
Switch your major to the humanities.  Programming doesn't seem to suit you.
need? no want against their terms your a bottom feeder go back to the hole you came from.
I do hope you are doing this as a infant school project and not for a company that is actually going to offer loans.
Your a f'in Bitch
my problem is now soloved   ......funke all of you no one help me this is fucking websit
It is for you. Stop to act as child.
From your general behavior not particularly this case.
Why you chatting shit
I do not understand what did you expect?! Or I did not need to answer at all that you click down vote button!
serious minus 2 ? so you know that its not good question??????????SO TELL ME THE DAMNED ANSWER THEN GENIOUSES!
you suck dude..
Are you high?  
Great title - will really help others.
What part of Google is your friend don't you understand?
Oh please. Try harder. And What part of Google is your friend don't you understand?
And naming it like this instead of using the proper API to decide on the folder is smart because of?
Because you sometimes need a loop in a loop. What is your problem? Maybe you learn programming from a book not by looking at code?
What good are tutorials if you don't make the effort?
Oh and also please format your code it's hurting my brain.
OP didnt say that. Take off you downvote please
THIS IS FUCKING SHIT AWESOME TO KNOW THAT YOU KNOW SUCH IMPORTANT BULLSHITS
Backand Is A Horrible Framework. DO NOT Waste your PRECIOUS Time On Backand.
So one  clarifies things how?  Microsoft telepathy update?  moron.
How the hell would that work?
Wishing it away got it big man
CAN I SAY A BAD WORD BECAUSE HOLY FUCK YOU SOLVED MY PROBLEM WOW LIKE THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!! I WAS SO CLOSE TO GIVING UP!!! IT WORKED. THANK YOU!!!!!!
Anyone with answers as this would have pressing reasons not to reveal their real name ...
have you tried it yourself yet?  if so have you encountered a problem accomplishing your goal?  Or do you think SO is a do-your-homework-for-free site?
Who is the coward who downvoted my question without revealing himself?
Thanks will figure it out F U
i have showed what i have done now tell me and you ****r stay in your limits
please fast reply so I can complete my work
You have a problem counting to three.
Someone with no idea how to do this might not be suitable to write this app.
The question on my mind is can you help yourself? stop wasting my time.
How would you be able to answer your own question if you saw it tomorrow after a heavy night of drinking?  When you can answer that get back to us.
This website is filled with a bunch of a*holes who are only great at critiquing instead of helping.
every day the same question
You can go to hell dam ass I am trying to learn not make money of a stupid question why would you think I want to take credit for this code?
How the hell do you know if i put effort or not. Idiot
It must be a joke. Now it's even worse.
Hey smarties. I have java in the PATH. If you never encountered this error then you ain't helping me.
Spare me your feeble attempts to think.  You're on your own on this one.  PS - the possessive is its.  Your English is as poor as your math.
all you asshol** got me to loose points. go suck some cocks!
utter rubbish...
go go go downvoting :)
maybe you should visit a doctor :-{  because we cannot see into your head
You don't seem to have any idea about anything. Why would you think you can create something like this?
vertical alignment ! similar issue. rest was CSS basics
i get that your answer is to fuck with the client's website dom which is a bad idea.
And why arent you reacting on the other comments? The one with the firewall and other things?
And what was the ip of your android device? You cann post the full ips as millions on earth have the same. Dont think its worth to keep it secret now.
They are usually evaluated as 'fire this programmer' or 'assign a grade of F- '.
Unsized array? Did you smoke pot before asking this question?
doesn't have comprehension skills.
This site is shit
What did Google tell you?  There are plenty of articles on how to do that.
You literally just copied and pasted that from my answer :) But I guess that's okay.
what have you tried so far?  You wont' be able to get help until you post some code for others to evaluate.  Also what the hell do you mean by rankings ?
Well I appreciate you wasting my time.
Why are you still breathing. Like seriously you're the dumbest fuck wad I know
Shut up you stupid idiot.
is there a way to get a textarea to stretch to fit its content without using php or javascript? - English do you speak it?!
Are you trolling??
Vote down if you are gay or just stupid...
Because you don't understand pointers apparently.
Buddy if you're not sure and don't know the answer then comment instead of posting an answer !
don't fucking downvote if you don't know the answer. If you know the answer then please help.
Why did you give minus to this post idiots. If you have a solution post it otherwise f.ck off.
hahahah.....yeh.....copy cat..!!!
proble proble yeah.
baby ? seriously? how about you stop munching curry? i'm a guy.
Can you propose something reasonable instead of talking?
If you dont know the answer  MOVE ON
you must have a sad life to sit here to comment on unnecessarily questions :)
To the morons who voted it down you haven't even read it in 30seconds that it took you to click the down arrow.
this is like a middle school problem please dont post this type of question again
cause i do shutup
Another person who can't operate outside Eclipse.
stop typing in your Indian accent.
And I want a new car. Trade?
Please someone be nice and write all my code for me so I don't have to do anything.  And oh yea contact me even though I didn't leave any contact information.
A downvote huh?  cool!  F you buddy!
what are you talking about idiot ! we have already established it is less.... get a grip !
it's just silly.
He probably meant a lot instead of all could be because English isn't his first language.
do you have a program to analyze here dude?? then cut the crap
fuck you community and coding and stack!
he probably forgot to login with his second user;)
Write Good code?
If you have problems understanding the question please comment not answer!
If you cannot use a debugger IDE or no you cannot develop software and you should stop trying until you have attained that necessary basic skill.
if you're stuck in the US with crap bandwidth just move to switzerland or sweden!  mfg.
It SHOULD of been posted because its my last option. Go take your 5 points and fuck yourself mate.
If it means one less terrible question with the unity3d tag then its well worth it
If you are going to ask for help with your homework you should atleast tell us what you have tried so far.
Especially because it does not. Seems does not read before answering.
I think OP can speak for himself if he wants something different. Mind your own business.
why the fuck is this marked as solved?
OK now you have (implicitly) told us via the screenshot that you are doing this on Windoiws.
Seriously disturbed people vote me down
Why the fuck someone would close this thread as NOT CONSTRUCTIVE???
The example is supposed to be *minimal* don't dump your homework here for others to debug.
Because I need to know what that logic is --- so you don't know what you need to implement?
Post code. Build a fiddle. Are we supposed to dig through your vague description and just guess what is happening?
I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL !
